--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
Rates Base Prospectus dated 5 July 2024 
 
CITIGROUP INC. 
(incorporated in Delaware) 
 
and 
 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
(a corporation duly incorporated and existing under the laws of the state of New York) 
 
and 
 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
(incorporated as a corporate partnership limited by shares (société en commandite par actions) 
under Luxembourg law, with registered office at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Register of Trade and Companies of Luxembourg 
(Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B 169.199) 
 
each an issuer under the 
Citi Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. only will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by 
CITIGROUP INC. 
(incorporated in Delaware) 
 
Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A only will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
(incorporated in England and Wales) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Arranger of the Programme 
Citigroup 
 
Dealers 
Citigroup 
CGME

--- Page 2 ---
Introduction to this Document 
ii 
 
INTRODUCTION TO THIS DOCUMENT 
What is this document? 
This document (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a "base prospectus" for the purposes of Article 
8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as amended (the 
"EU Prospectus Regulation") and relates to the Global Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme"). This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months after its approval and may be 
supplemented from time to time to reflect any significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to the information included in it.  
How do I use this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus (which includes information incorporated by reference) is intended to provide you 
with information necessary to enable you to make an informed investment decision before purchasing 
any Notes (as defined in Section H.1 below). 
The contractual terms of any particular issuance of Notes will comprise the General Conditions of the 
Notes (see Section H.1 below) and the applicable provisions of the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
(see Section H.2 below), together with the following additional terms and conditions (see Section H.2 
below) set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes":  
(a) 
where the Notes are linked to one or more inflation indices, the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled "Underlying Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions)";  
(b) 
where the Notes are linked to one or more rates, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions)"; 
(c) 
where the Notes are linked to the credit of one or more specified entities, the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions)"; 
(d) 
where the Notes are specified to be Index Skew Notes, the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled "Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions)";  
(e) 
where the Notes are linked to one or more currency rates, the section of this Base Prospectus 
entitled "Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions)"; 
(f) 
where Schedule A is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Notes 
issued by Citigroup Inc., the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Schedule A – Citigroup 
Inc. TLAC eligible Notes",  
and, in relation to any tranche of Notes, as completed or supplemented, replaced and/or modified, as 
applicable, by the information set out in the applicable Issue Terms (as described in "What are Issue 
Terms" below), all as further described in Section D below.  
This Base Prospectus also includes other general information such as: 
(a) 
the principal risks the Issuer (as defined below) and (if applicable) the Guarantor (as defined 
below) believe to be inherent in investing in the Notes; 
(b) 
information relating to the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor;

--- Page 3 ---
Introduction to this Document 
iii 
 
(c) 
information relating to the Programme and the Notes;  
(d) 
information on transfer and selling restrictions; and 
(e) 
taxation considerations.  
All capitalised terms used will be defined in this Base Prospectus or the Issue Terms and are referenced 
in the Index of Defined Terms. 
You should read this Base Prospectus, the information incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus from such other documents and the applicable Issue Terms. 
What are Issue Terms? 
"Issue Terms" means, when it relates to:  
(a) 
Notes which are not Exempt Notes (as defined in the section entitled "Important Notices" 
below), the applicable Final Terms which completes the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes; or  
(b) 
Notes which are Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement which supplements the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Notes and may also specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Notes, supplement, replace and/or modify such terms and conditions. 
Who is the Issuer and (if applicable) Guarantor of the Notes? 
Notes under this Base Prospectus will be issued and (if applicable) will be guaranteed by any of the 
following:  
(a) 
Citigroup Inc. ("Citigroup" or "Citi") (in which case, the Notes will not be guaranteed by any 
entity);  
(b) 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. ("CGMHI") and guaranteed by Citigroup Inc. (in such 
capacity, the "CGMHI Guarantor"); and  
(c) 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. ("CGMFL") and guaranteed by 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("CGML") (in such capacity, the "CGMFL Guarantor").  
CGMHI and CGMFL is each an "Issuer" and collectively, the "Issuers". The CGMHI Guarantor and 
the CGMFL Guarantor is each a "Guarantor" and collectively, the "Guarantors". References in this 
Base Prospectus to "Issuer" and "Guarantor" shall be construed accordingly. 
The Issuers and the Guarantors may each have a right of substitution as set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
What type of Notes does this Base Prospectus relate to? 
This Base Prospectus relates to the issuance of Notes which do not bear interest and Notes which may 
be specified to be zero coupon notes (which are issued at a discount to their principal amount and which 
also do not bear interest) as well as the following types of notes:  
(a) 
fixed rate notes;

--- Page 4 ---
Introduction to this Document 
iv 
 
(b) 
floating rate notes; 
(c) 
CMS interest linked notes; 
(d) 
inflation rate notes; 
(e) 
DIR inflation linked notes; 
(f) 
range accrual notes; 
(g) 
digital notes; 
(h) 
digital band notes; 
(i) 
inverse floating rate notes; 
(j) 
spread notes;  
(k) 
volatility bond notes; 
(l) 
synthetic forward rate notes;  
(m) 
previous coupon linked notes; 
(n) 
FX performance notes; 
(o) 
reserve coupon notes; 
(p) 
global interest floor notes; 
(q) 
global interest cap notes; 
(r) 
auto floor notes; 
(s) 
auto cap notes; 
(t) 
restructure interest rate notes; 
(u) 
credit linked notes whose return is linked to the credit of one or more specified entities and 
which may or may not bear interest; 
(v) 
index skew notes, which may or may not bear interest, and which reference a package skew 
position comprising (i) an index untranched credit derivative transaction and (ii) a set of single 
name credit derivative transactions (with each single name transaction corresponding to an 
underlying reference entity constituent of the corresponding index transaction) where (i) and 
(ii) have equal and offsetting positions with any payments resulting from a Credit Event 
intended to be zero due to the application of payment netting, other than in the event of an early 
redemption; 
(w) 
any combination of the foregoing except that (i) FX performance notes shall not be inflation 
rate notes or DIR inflation linked notes; (ii) reserve coupon notes shall not be fixed rate notes, 
inflation rate notes or DIR inflation linked notes; (iii) Global Interest Floor Notes and Global 
Interest Cap Notes shall not be Fixed Rate Notes, Auto Floor Notes or Auto Cap Notes; (iv) 
Auto Floor Notes and Auto Cap Notes shall not be Fixed Rate Notes, Global Interest Floor

--- Page 5 ---
Introduction to this Document 
v 
 
Notes or Global Interest Cap Notes; (v)Notes which are credit linked notes cannot also be index 
skew notes; (vi) Credit Linked Notes which are also Zero Coupon Notes may only be Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes; and (vii) in respect of Notes 
which are not Exempt Notes, interest bearing Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes cannot be combined with Notes having an interest 
basis as described above. For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, interest bearing Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes may be combined with Notes having an interest basis as described above 
(subject to necessary amendments being made to the Credit Linked Conditions applicable to 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
as applicable, in the applicable Pricing Supplement); and 
(x) 
any combination of paragraphs (a) to (w) above. 
In addition, the Notes may be dual currency notes which are denominated in one currency and payable 
in a different currency). 
In addition, any of the above Notes (i) will have more than one interest basis applicable to different 
interest periods and/or different interest payment dates if an "automatic change of interest basis" is 
specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms (as described below); and/or (ii) at the option of the 
Issuer, be switched from one interest basis to another interest basis if a "switcher option" is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms; and/or (iii) on the occurrence of a lock-in event, be switched from 
one interest basis to another interest basis if a "lock in change of interest basis" is specified to apply in 
the applicable Issue Terms.  
In addition, if "Multiple Interest Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to one or 
more interest periods and/or interest payment dates, the Notes will have more than one interest basis 
applicable to such interest periods and/or interest payment dates, provided that Multiple Interest Basis 
shall not apply for any Interest Period or Interest Payment Date to which the Previous Coupon Linked 
Notes provisions, FX Performance Notes provisions, Reserve Coupon Notes provisions, Global Interest 
Floor Notes provisions, Global Interest Cap Notes provisions, Restructure Interest Rate Notes provisions 
or Lock-in Change of Interest Basis provisions apply. 
The Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the issuer (a call option) or the investor (a 
put option) and will, at maturity, pay a fixed redemption amount or, (i) if a DIR Inflation Linked 
Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount calculated by 
reference to movements in an inflation index or (ii) if the Notes are specified to be Lock-in Redemption 
Notes in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount calculated by reference to an FX rate or (iii) if the Notes 
are specified to be Rate Linked Redemption Notes in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount calculated 
by reference to one or more rate(s) or (iv) if the Notes are specified to be Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes in the applicable Issue Terms the Redemption Amount of the Notes is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be the Interest Linked Redemption Amount, being the sum of (x) the principal amount of 
the Notes plus (y) the sum of all the Interest Amounts determined in respect of the Notes (which may be 
a positive or negative value or zero). or (v) if the Notes are specified to be Redemption Reserve Notes, 
an amount determined by reference to either (x) the Total Reserve Coupon in respect of the final Interest 
Period or (y) the sum of the Total Redemption Reserves. 
DIR Inflation Linked Notes for which a DIR Inflation Linked Redemption Amount is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, Lock-in Redemption Notes, Rate Linked Redemption Notes and Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes cannot also be Credit Linked Notes or Index Skew Notes. 
The applicable Pricing Supplement in respect of Exempt Notes may specify a combination different from 
the above.

--- Page 6 ---
Introduction to this Document 
vi 
 
The Issuer may from time to time issue Notes that are titled "Certificates" to be offered in Italy and/or 
which are admitted to trading, or for which an application for admission to trading has been made or will 
be made, on SeDeX or EuroTLX (as defined below), for purposes of Italian listing requirements ("Italian 
Listed Certificates"). 
In the case of Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates, where applicable, as used 
in this Base Prospectus, references to "redemption" and "redeem" shall be construed to be to 
"termination" and "terminate", references to "interest", "interest payment date" and "interest period", 
"interest rate" (and related expressions) shall be construed to be to "premium", "premium payment date", 
"premium period", "premium rate" and "premium underlying", and references to "maturity date" shall be 
construed to be to "final termination date", and all related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
What is the status of the Notes? 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
(if applicable) the Guarantor and payments to be made by such Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor 
under the Notes are subject to the credit risk of such Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor. As such, 
the potential return on and value of the Notes will be adversely affected in the event of a default or 
deterioration in the financial position of such Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor. The information 
on the Issuers and the Guarantors set out in this Base Prospectus (which includes information 
incorporated by reference) provides a description of the Issuers' and the Guarantors' business activities 
as well as certain financial information and material risks faced by the Issuers and the Guarantors.

--- Page 7 ---
Important Notices 
 
vii 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Distribution of Notes 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to Citigroup Global Markets Limited and/or Citigroup Global 
Markets Inc. and/or Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG and/or any additional dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers") which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. In relation to each issue of Notes, the 
Dealer(s) will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. However, each Issuer reserves the right to sell 
Notes directly on its own behalf to other entities and to offer Notes in specified jurisdictions directly to 
the public through distributors, in accordance with all applicable rules and regulations. Notes may be 
resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined 
by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer. Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealer(s), acting 
as agent of the Issuer. 
In connection with your acquisition of Notes issued under this Base Prospectus, an affiliate of the Issuer 
may provide product and sales services to you ("Services"). Each affiliate provides such Services on its 
own behalf. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Citi and its affiliates (including the Issuer and any such 
affiliates of the Issuer) have previously agreed to share revenue in respect of any Notes based on the 
respective contributions by such Citi companies, including the provision by such affiliate(s) of Services. 
Accordingly, a portion of the revenue received by the Issuer from you in respect of the Notes is allocable 
to such affiliate(s) and is received by the Issuer on behalf of such affiliate(s).  For a list of affiliates 
providing Services in specific countries, please see https://www.citibank.com/icg/docs/Affiliates.pdf. 
Pursuant to this Base Prospectus, Notes may be issued whose return (in respect of any interest payable 
on such Notes and/or the repayment of principal on such Notes) is linked to one or more inflation indices 
("Inflation Rate Notes") or one or more rates ("Rate Linked Notes") or the credit of one or more 
specified entities ("Credit Linked Notes") or a package skew position (as described above) ("Index 
Skew Notes") or one or more currency exchange rates ("FX Rate Notes"), together, "Underlying 
Linked Notes", as more fully described herein. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
relevant Terms and Conditions set out herein, in which event, if the Issuer is Citigroup Inc., a supplement 
to the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus (as defined below) or, if the Issuer is CGMHI, a supplement to the 
CGMHI Base Prospectus (as defined below) or, if the Issuer is CGMFL, a supplement to the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus (as defined below), if appropriate, which describes the effect of the agreement reached 
in relation to such Notes, will be made available. 
Approvals of the Base Prospectus 
Each of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), 
as competent authority (the "Competent Authority") under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central 
Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank should not be 
considered an endorsement of any of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor or of 
the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the Notes.  
Such approval by the Competent Authority relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") or which are to

--- Page 8 ---
Important Notices 
 
viii 
 
be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") in 
circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. However, there can be no assurance that such 
applications will be approved or that, if approved, any such approval will be given within a specified 
timeframe. 
Application will also be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") for the Notes issued during the period of twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus 
to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on its regulated market. An electronic 
copy of this Base Prospectus will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com. In addition, application will be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for 
the Securities issued during the period of twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. An electronic copy of this Base Prospectus, the relevant documents 
incorporated by reference herein, and the Issue Terms of such Securities will be published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com, for so long as the Securities are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Application may be made for any Notes issued under the Programme to 
be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the electronic "Bond Market" 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "MoT") or any other relevant market organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or 
prior to the date of issue of any Notes, as the case may be, or at all. Application may be made for the 
Notes to be listed on the official list of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) but there can 
be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Notes, as the case 
may be, or at all. The Central Bank may, at the request of the Issuer, send to a competent authority of 
another Member State of the EEA (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus and (ii) a certificate of approval 
pursuant to Article 25 of the EU Prospectus Regulation attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn 
up in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months 
from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA 
other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank has neither 
approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notes are issued in Series and each Series may comprise one or more Tranches of Notes. Each Tranche 
is the subject of a Final Terms document (the Final Terms and references to the "applicable Final 
Terms" shall be construed accordingly) or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement (the 
"Pricing Supplement" and references to the "applicable Pricing Supplement" shall be construed 
accordingly) which, in the case of the Final Terms, completes or, (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
completes, modifies and/or supplements the General Conditions and the applicable Schedule(s). In the 
event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and the applicable Schedule(s) and (ii) 
the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below) shall prevail.

--- Page 9 ---
Important Notices 
 
ix 
 
As used herein, "Issue Terms" means either (i) where the Notes are not Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms or (ii) where the Notes are Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references 
should be construed accordingly.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the approval of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, 
the CGMHI Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus as Base Listing Particulars (the 
"Citigroup Inc. Base Listing Particulars", the "CGMHI Base Listing Particulars", and the "CGMFL 
Base Listing Particulars", respectively, and together, the "Base Listing Particulars"). Application will 
be made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued during the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing 
Particulars to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the global exchange market (the "Global 
Exchange Market") which is the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin. Issuers on the Global 
Exchange Market, a multilateral trading facility (MTF), are not subject to the same rules as issuers on a 
regulated market (for the purposes of MiFID II). The risk in investing in debt securities on the Global 
Exchange Market may therefore be higher than investing in debt securities listed on a regulated market. 
Investors should take this into account when making investment decisions. Application will be made to 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes (including the Exempt Notes) issued during the 12 months 
from the date of the Base Listing Particulars to be admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market (the "Euro MTF"). 
Application may also be made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading (i) on the 
multilateral trading facility of securitised derivative financial instruments, organised and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX") and (ii) on the multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("EuroTLX") but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or 
prior to the date of issue of any Notes, as the case may be, or at all. Application may also  be made for 
the Notes to be listed to the official list and admitted to trading on the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial 
Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) (the "Frankfurt 
Freiverkehr") but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of 
issue of any Notes, as the case may be, or at all. Application may also be made to the Vienna Stock 
Exchange for Notes to be listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Vienna 
MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange (Weiner Börse) which is a multilateral trading facility (the "Vienna 
MTF"). Each of the Global Exchange Market, the Euro MTF, SeDeX, EuroTLX, the Frankfurt 
Freiverkehr and the Vienna MTF is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Save where 
expressly provided or the context otherwise requires, where Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
Global Exchange Market, the Euro MTF and the Vienna MTF, references herein to "Base Prospectus", 
"Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus", "CGMHI Base Prospectus" and "CGMFL Base Prospectus" shall 
be construed to be to "Base Listing Particulars", "Citigroup Inc. Base Listing Particulars", "CGMHI 
Base Listing Particulars" and "CGMFL Base Listing Particulars", respectively. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes are intended to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market and/or the Global 
Exchange Market and are intended to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and/or listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and/or listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the Euro MTF and/or listed on the Italian Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the MoT 
or on any other relevant market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and/or listed on the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) and/or listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse 
Frankfurt AG) and/or admitted to trading on the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) 
(Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) and/or listed on the Vienna Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the Vienna MTF. As specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
issue of Notes may or may not be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on Euronext Dublin, 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Italian Stock Exchange, the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and/or any

--- Page 10 ---
Important Notices 
 
x 
 
other regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. As specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, an issue of Notes may or may not be listed or 
admitted to trading, as the case may be, on the Global Exchange Market, the Euro MTF, SeDeX, 
EuroTLX, Frankfurt Freiverkehr, the Vienna MTF and/or any other stock exchange or market that is not 
a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the official list or to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation or the 
Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. 
The Issue Terms will specify with respect to the issue of Notes to which it relates, inter alia, the specific 
designation of the Notes, the aggregate principal amount and type of the Notes, the date of issue of the 
Notes, the issue price, the relevant interest provisions (if any), and the redemption amount of the Notes 
and, as relevant, the underlying inflation index, rate(s) or exchange rate(s) (each an "Underlying") to 
which the Notes relate and, if the Notes are Credit Linked Notes or Index Skew Notes, the entities to 
which, depending on the credit of such entity, the return of the Notes (upon an early redemption or 
otherwise) is linked and certain other terms relating to the offering and sale of such Notes. The applicable 
Final Terms completes the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Notes. The applicable Pricing 
Supplement supplements the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Notes and may specify other terms 
and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Terms and 
Conditions of the relevant Notes, supplement, replace and/or modify such Terms and Conditions. In 
respect of Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, the applicable Issue Terms will be delivered to Euronext 
Dublin on or before the date of issue of the Notes of that Tranche. The issue price and amount of the 
Notes of any Tranche will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue 
of such Tranche in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Risk warnings 
AN ISSUE OF NOTES MAY BE OF A SPECIALIST NATURE AND SHOULD ONLY BE 
BOUGHT 
AND 
TRADED 
BY 
INVESTORS 
WHO 
ARE 
PARTICULARLY 
KNOWLEDGEABLE IN INVESTMENT MATTERS. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF 
NOTES SHOULD ENSURE THAT THEY UNDERSTAND THE NATURE OF THE 
RELEVANT NOTES AND THE EXTENT OF THEIR EXPOSURE TO RISKS AND THAT 
THEY CONSIDER THE SUITABILITY OF THE RELEVANT NOTES AS AN INVESTMENT 
IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN CIRCUMSTANCES AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. IT IS THE 
RESPONSIBILITY OF PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS TO ENSURE THAT THEY HAVE 
SUFFICIENT KNOWLEDGE, EXPERIENCE AND PROFESSIONAL ADVICE TO MAKE 
THEIR OWN LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, ACCOUNTING AND OTHER BUSINESS 
EVALUATION OF THE MERITS AND RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE NOTES AND ARE 
NOT RELYING ON THE ADVICE OF THE ISSUER, (IF APPLICABLE) THE GUARANTOR 
OR ANY DEALER IN THIS REGARD. NOTES MAY INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK, 
INCLUDING THE POTENTIAL LOSS OF PRINCIPAL. INVESTORS MAY SUSTAIN A LOSS 
OF ALL OR PART OF THEIR INVESTMENT. SEE "RISK FACTORS" SET OUT HEREIN. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes will be as set out in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and in 
the relevant Schedule(s) thereto. 
Prospective investors should note that the Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor are 
limited to the events stated in General Condition 9(a)(i) and 9(a)(ii) (Events of Default) relating to default 
in payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes but will not include the insolvency or

--- Page 11 ---
Important Notices 
 
xi 
 
bankruptcy of the CGMHI Guarantor (or any similar event), any other default of the CGMHI Guarantor 
or the deed of guarantee dated 21 December 2015, as amended and/or supplemented and/or replaced 
from time to time (the "CGMHI Deed of Guarantee") executed by the CGMHI Guarantor and not being 
(or being claimed not to be) in full force and effect. Therefore, even though the CGMHI Guarantor may 
be declared insolvent or have entered into bankruptcy proceedings or disclaimed the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee, holders of Notes issued by CGMHI will not be able to trigger an Event of Default under the 
Notes and thus will not be able to cause the Notes to be immediately due and payable, and the Notes will 
not redeem until maturity (unless there has been an Event of Default due to non-payment of interest or 
principal or bankruptcy or other default of CGMHI in the meantime or the occurrence of any other 
applicable event triggering an early redemption of the Notes). It is possible that holders may receive a 
lower return at maturity than if they were able to accelerate the Notes for immediate repayment in such 
circumstances.  
Belgian Code of Economic Law  
In respect of public offers of Notes in Belgium, the Issuer could be required to comply with the provisions 
of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, especially the provisions on unfair terms in the application of the 
terms and conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus and the applicable Issue Terms relating to such 
Notes in Belgium, insofar as these provisions are applicable. 
Governing Law of the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be governed by English law ("English Law Notes") (subject as 
provided below in relation to Swedish Notes, Finnish Notes and French Cleared Notes), French law 
("French Law Notes") or by the law of the State of New York ("New York Law Notes") as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Form of Notes 
Subject as provided below in the case of Swedish Notes, Finnish Notes and French Law Notes, Notes to 
be issued hereunder will be in registered form ("Registered Notes") and will be represented by registered 
note certificates ("Registered Note Certificates"), one Registered Note Certificate being issued in 
respect of each holder's entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series.  
Registered Notes which are held in Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") (or in the case of French Cleared Notes only, Euroclear France 
S.A. (Euroclear France)) or the Depository Trust Company ("DTC"), as the case may be, will be 
represented by a global Registered Note Certificate (a "Global Registered Note Certificate") registered 
in the name of a nominee for either Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of French 
Cleared Notes only, Euroclear France) or DTC, as the case may be, and the Global Registered Note 
Certificate will be delivered to the appropriate depositary, common safekeeper or custodian, as the case 
may be. Interests in a Global Registered Note Certificate will be exchangeable for definitive Registered 
Note Certificates as described under "Form of the Notes" set out herein. In addition, indirect interests in 
Notes may be delivered, held and settled via the CREST Depository Interest ("CDI") mechanism in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited ("CREST"). 
Notes issued in accordance with the Swedish Act on Central Securities Depositories and Financial 
Instruments Accounts (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av financiella 
instrument) ("SFIA Act") ("Swedish Notes") will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-
entry form in accordance with the SFIA Act, all as more fully described in the applicable Issue Terms. 
No global or definitive registered Swedish Notes will be issued. The Swedish Notes will be transferable

--- Page 12 ---
Important Notices 
 
xii 
 
only in accordance with the provisions of the SFIA Act, other applicable Swedish legislation and the 
rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Sweden AB ("Euroclear Sweden"). 
Notes issued in accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing (Fin. laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and with the Finnish Act on the 
Book-Entry Accounts (Fin. laki arvo- osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended)) ("Finnish Notes")will be 
issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with the Finnish Act on the 
Book-Entry System and Clearing (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, 
as amended)) and with the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Account (Fin. laki arvo osuustileistä (827/199, as 
amended)), all as more fully described in the applicable Issue Terms. No global or registered Notes will 
be issued. The Finnish Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the legislation, rules and 
regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Finland Ltd ("Euroclear Finland"). 
French Law Notes are issued in dematerialised form and must at all times be in book-entry form in 
compliance with Articles L.211–3 and R.211–1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. French Law 
Notes shall constitute "obligations" within the meaning of Article L.213–5 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier. No global or definitive French Law Notes will be issued. The French Law Notes will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France. French Law Notes 
may be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either: (i) bearer dematerialised form (au porteur), which 
will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France which shall credit the accounts of an accountholder 
(being any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts directly or indirectly on 
behalf of its customers with Euroclear France) (the "Euroclear France Accountholder"); or (ii) in 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, at the option of the Noteholder in either administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a Euroclear France Accountholder 
(and mirroring the inscriptions in the books maintained by the Issuer or the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, if applicable) or in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) inscribed in an account held by Euroclear France and in the books maintained by the Issuer (or the 
French Law Securities Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, if applicable). French Law Notes 
will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France, and through Euroclear France as an 
intermediary into Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
See Section G.4 below for further information. 
U.S. notices 
None of the Notes, the deed of guarantee dated 25 January 2019, as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or replaced from time to time, executed by the CGMFL Guarantor (the "CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee") and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee (collectively, the "Deeds of Guarantee") has been 
nor will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States. Notes issued by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL may be offered and sold outside of the 
United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation 
S"). Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI may be offered and sold within the United States 
to "qualified institutional buyers" ("QIBs") in transactions exempt from registration under the 
Securities Act in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A"). Notes may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S) other than, in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI, to 
QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A. Notes issued by CGMFL, which are guaranteed by the CGMFL 
Guarantor, will not be offered and sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons at any time. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Any purchaser of Notes 
that is a registered U.S. investment company should consult its own counsel regarding the

--- Page 13 ---
Important Notices 
 
xiii 
 
applicability of Section 12(d) and Section 17 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the rules 
promulgated thereunder to its purchase of Notes and should reach an independent conclusion with 
respect to the issues involved in such purchase.  
The Notes and Deeds of Guarantee do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of 
a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange 
Act, as amended (the "CEA"), and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the United States 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") pursuant to the CEA. 
The Notes may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and 
holding of the Notes is made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject 
to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a 
plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or an employee benefit plan or other plan 
or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA 
or Section 4975 of the Code. 
EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable or assets deliverable under the Notes may be calculated or otherwise determined by 
reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation").  A 
statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes 
(as defined herein) as to whether or not the relevant administrator of any relevant "benchmark" is 
included in the register of administrators of the European Securities Market Authority ("ESMA") under 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or whether the relevant benchmark falls within the scope 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may apply 
such that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to be included in the register of 
administrators at the date of the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xiv 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO OFFERS OF NOTES 
Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of Notes in Member States 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the 
EU Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a Non-exempt Offer. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Notes. However, 
any person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA 
may only do so if this Base Prospectus has been approved by the competent authority in that Member 
State (or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority 
in that Member State) and published in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, PROVIDED 
THAT the Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with such offer as 
provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation (Retail 
Cascades)" and the conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the person making the Non-
exempt Offer of such Notes.  
Save as provided above, none of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the 
CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and the Dealers have authorised, nor do they authorise, 
the making of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the EU Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes, the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the 
Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) accept responsibility, in the 
jurisdictions to which the consent to use the Base Prospectus extends, for the content of this Base 
Prospectus under Article 11 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in relation to any person (an "Investor") 
who acquires any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by any person to whom the Issuer has given consent 
to the use of this Base Prospectus (an "EEA Authorised Offeror") in that connection, PROVIDED 
THAT the conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the EEA Authorised Offeror. The 
consent and conditions attached to it are set out under "EEA Consent" and "Common Conditions to EEA 
Consent" below. 
None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMFL) and any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an EEA 
Authorised Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or 
securities law requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and any 
Dealer has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that EEA Authorised Offeror. 
Save as provided below, none of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) 
or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and any Dealer has authorised the 
making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this 
Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Notes. Any Non-
exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is

--- Page 15 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xv 
 
CGMFL) and any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons 
making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an EEA 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this 
Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 11 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in the context of the 
Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely 
on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
EEA Consent 
The Issuer consents and (in connection with paragraph (b) below) offers to grant its consent to the use of 
this Base Prospectus in relation to any offer of Notes issued by it for the period of 12 months from the 
date hereof subject, in relation to any offer, as provided below. 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under "Common 
Conditions to EEA Consent": 
(a) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, 
if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes by the relevant Dealer and 
by: 
(i) 
any financial intermediary named as an Initial EEA Authorised Offeror in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose name is published on the Issuer's website and identified as an EEA Authorised 
Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer. 
(b) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as 
"Applicable", the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of 
Notes by any financial intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under applicable legislation implementing the 
MiFID II; and 
(ii) 
it accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the 
information in square brackets completed with the relevant information): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant Notes] 
(the "Notes") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final Terms") published 
by [Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc./Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.] (the "Issuer"). We hereby accept the offer by the Issuer of its 
consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with 
the offer of the Notes in accordance with the EEA Authorised Offeror Terms and subject to 
the conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, and we are using 
the Base Prospectus accordingly." 
The "EEA Authorised Offeror Terms" are that the relevant financial intermediary will, and it 
agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and the

--- Page 16 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xvi 
 
relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common Conditions to EEA 
Consent" below and any further requirements relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Any financial intermediary who is an EEA Authorised Offeror falling within paragraph (b) above who 
meets all of the conditions set out in (b) and the other conditions stated in "Common Conditions to EEA 
Consent" below and who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is 
required, for the duration of the relevant offer period, to publish on its website the statement (duly 
completed) specified at paragraph (b)(ii) above. 
Common Conditions to EEA Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (b) above 
if Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(a) 
is only valid during the offer period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes in Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, The Netherlands, Finland, 
France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Poland, Portugal, Spain and 
Sweden, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the consent is subject to any other conditions set out in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The only Member States of the EEA which may, in respect of any Tranche of Notes, be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (if any Member States are so specified) as indicated in paragraph (b) above, will 
be Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, The Netherlands, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, 
Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Sweden, and accordingly each 
Tranche of Notes may only be offered to Investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer in Austria, Belgium, 
Cyprus, the Czech Republic, The Netherlands, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, 
Italy, Luxembourg, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Sweden, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation for such offer. 
Consent given in connection with public offers in Switzerland 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes to the public in Switzerland on the basis of 
this Base Prospectus, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) of the Swiss Federal 
Financial Services Act ("FinSA") or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, 
must do so only with the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 36(4)(b) 
FinSA and Article 45 of the implementing Financial Services Ordinance ("FinSO"), as provided under 
"EEA Consent" above and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that consent 
and on the basis that for the purposes of the above: 
• 
references therein to "Non-exempt Offer" are to "non-exempt public offer in Switzerland"; 
• 
 the reference in "EEA Consent" to "Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of Notes in 
Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, The Netherlands, Finland, France, Germany, 
Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Sweden, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms" is to "non-exempt public offer(s) in Switzerland"; and

--- Page 17 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xvii 
 
• 
 the paragraph commencing "The only Member States of the EEA which may, in respect of any 
Tranche of Notes, be specified in the applicable Final Terms" in "EEA Consent" is deleted. 
General Consent is subject to the further condition that the financial intermediary is authorised to make 
a non-exempt public offer in Switzerland under applicable Swiss laws and regulations. 
Arrangements between investors and Authorised Offerors 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN EEA AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS 
AND SALES OF SUCH NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS 
IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR 
INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE 
ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE 
NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL 
TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO 
THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF 
SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR 
SUCH INFORMATION. NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR (WHERE THE 
ISSUER IS CGMHI), THE CGMFL GUARANTOR (WHERE THE ISSUER IS CGMFL) AND 
ANY DEALER (EXCEPT WHERE SUCH DEALER IS THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR) HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT 
OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
Credit Ratings 
Citigroup Inc. has a long term/short term senior debt rating of BBB+/A-2 by Standard & Poor's Financial 
Services LLC ("S&P"), A3/P-2 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's") and A/F1 by Fitch 
Ratings, Inc. ("Fitch").1  
CGMHI has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A/A-1 by S&P, A2/P-1 by Moody's and A+/F1 
by Fitch.2  
 
1 "BBB+" by S&P: An obligor rated "BBB" has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments. The addition of a plus sign shows the 
relative standing within the rating category (source: www.standardandpoors.com).  
"A-2" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-2" has satisfactory capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, it is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in the highest rating category (source: 
www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A3" by Moody's: Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 3 indicates a ranking 
in the lower end of that generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com). 
"P-2" by Moody's: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated "Prime-2" have a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations (source: 
www.moodys.com). 
"A" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings (source: 
www.fitchratings.com). 
"F1" by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
2 "A" by S&P: An obligor rated "A" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects 
of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories (source: www.standardandpoors.com).  
"A-1" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-1" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P Global 
Ratings (source: www.standardandpoors.com).  
"A2" by Moody's: Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 2 indicates a mid-
range ranking (source: www.moodys.com)..

--- Page 18 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xviii 
 
CGMFL has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A+/A-1 by S&P, and long term senior debt 
rating of A+ by Fitch and A1 by Moody's.3  
CGML has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A+/A-1 by S&P, A1/P-1 by Moody's and A+/F1 
by Fitch.4  
The rating of a certain Tranche of Notes may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
S&P is not established in the EEA or the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended or superseded) (the "EU CRA Regulation") or the EU 
CRA Regulations as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA") and regulations made thereunder (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The S&P ratings have 
been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("SPGRE"). SPGRE is established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such SPGRE is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that ratings issued in 
the United States of America which have been endorsed by SPGRE may be used in the EEA by the 
relevant market participants. On 1 January 2021, a new UK credit rating agency, S&P Global Ratings 
UK Limited ("SPGRUK") has been registered with the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") so that 
the credit ratings issued or endorsed by SPGRUK may be usable for certain regulatory purposes in the 
UK under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, SPGRUK is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the FCA on its website (at https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-agencies) in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Credit ratings assigned or endorsed by SPGRUK (including 
EU ratings issued by SPGRE) receive, respectively, "UK" or "UKE" regulatory identifiers. 
Moody's is not established in the EEA or in the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration 
under the EU CRA Regulation or UK CRA Regulation. The Moody's ratings have been endorsed by 
Moody's Investors Service Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Moody's Investors 
 
"P-1" by Moody's: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated "Prime-1" have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations (source: 
www.moodys.com).  
"A+" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers '+' or '−' 
may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories (source: www.fitchratings.com).  
"F1" by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
3 "A+" by S&P: An obligor rated "A" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects 
of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a plus sign shows the relative standing 
within the rating category (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A-1" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-1" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P Global 
Ratings (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A+" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers '+' or '−' 
may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
"A1" by Moody's: Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com). 
4 "A+" by S&P: An obligor rated "A" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects 
of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a plus sign shows the relative standing 
within the rating category (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A-1" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-1" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P Global 
Ratings (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A1" by Moody's: Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com). 
"P-1" by Moody's: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated "Prime-1" have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations (source: 
www.moodys.com). 
"A+" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers '+' or '−' 
may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
"F1" by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com)..

--- Page 19 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xix 
 
Service Limited is established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, Moody's Investors Service Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
FCA on its website (at https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-agencies) in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. The FCA has indicated that ratings issued in the United States of America which have 
been endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited may be used in the United Kingdom by the relevant 
market participants. The Moody's ratings have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such Moody's Deutschland GmbH is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that 
ratings issued in the United States of America which have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH 
may be used in the EEA by the relevant market participants.  
Fitch is not established in the EEA or the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration under the 
EU CRA Regulation or UK CRA Regulation. The Fitch ratings have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings 
Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings Limited is established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch Ratings Limited is included in 
the 
list 
of 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
the 
FCA 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-agencies) in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. The 
FCA has indicated that ratings issued in the United States of America which have been endorsed by Fitch 
Ratings Limited may be used in the United Kingdom by the relevant market participants. The Fitch 
ratings have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
As such Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that ratings issued in the United States 
of America which have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited may be used in the EEA by the 
relevant market participants. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or established 
in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, as applicable, will be disclosed in 
the applicable Issue Terms.  
The Notes, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee constitute unconditional 
liabilities of the respective issuers. None of the Notes, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") or any other 
deposit protection insurance scheme. 
Any investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the 
deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuers are not regulated by the 
Central Bank of Ireland by virtue of the issue of any Notes. 
Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the CGMHI Base Prospectus and CGMFL Base Prospectus (as defined 
below)) comprises a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation in 
respect of Notes to be issued by Citigroup Inc. 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and CGMFL Base Prospectus (as 
defined below)) comprises a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
in respect of Notes to be issued by CGMHI.

--- Page 20 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xx 
 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and CGMHI Base Prospectus (as 
defined below)) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation in respect of Notes to be issued by CGMFL. 
Responsibility statement 
Citigroup Inc. accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus and (ii) the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme where 
Citigroup Inc. is the Issuer of such Tranche of Notes. Citigroup Inc. does not take responsibility for the 
CGMHI Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of Citigroup 
Inc., the information contained in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. This paragraph should be read in 
conjunction with "Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes" and "Arrangements 
between investors and Authorised Offerors" above. 
CGMHI accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMHI Base Prospectus and (ii) 
the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme where CGMHI is the Issuer of 
such Tranche of Notes. CGMHI does not take responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or 
the CGMFL Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of CGMHI, the information contained in the 
CGMHI Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with "Important information 
relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes" and "Arrangements between investors and Authorised Offerors" 
above. 
The CGMHI Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus (excluding the information in Section F.2 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc.") and (ii) the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme where 
CGMHI is the Issuer of such Tranche of Notes. The CGMHI Guarantor does not take responsibility for 
the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the 
CGMHI Guarantor, the information contained in the CGMHI Base Prospectus (excluding the 
information in Section F.2 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.") is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. This 
paragraph should be read in conjunction with "Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of 
Notes" and "Arrangements between investors and Authorised Offerors" above. 
CGMFL accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMFL Base Prospectus and (ii) 
the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme where CGMFL is the Issuer of 
such Tranche of Notes. CGMFL does not take responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or 
the CGMHI Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of CGMFL, the information contained in the 
CGMFL Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with "Important information 
relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes" and "Arrangements between investors and Authorised Offerors" 
above. 
The CGMFL Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus (excluding the information in Section F.3 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A." and information set out in Section F.6 entitled "Alternative Performance 
Measures - Citigroup Inc.") and (ii) the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme where CGMFL is the Issuer of such Tranche of Notes. The CGMFL Guarantor does not take 
responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the CGMFL Guarantor, the information contained in the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
(excluding the information in Section F.3 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding

--- Page 21 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xxi 
 
Luxembourg S.C.A." and the information set out in Section F.6 entitled "Alternative Performance 
Measures - Citigroup Inc.") is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect 
the import of such information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with "Important 
information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes" and "Arrangements between investors and 
Authorised Offerors" above.  
Where information in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus or the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus (as the case may be) has been sourced from a third party, the relevant Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) and/or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) (as the case may be) accept(s) responsibility for accurately reproducing such information and, 
as far as the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) (as the case may be) is/are aware and is/are able to ascertain 
from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Pricing Supplement and in relation to Exempt Notes 
only, any information contained therein relating to the Underlying(s), will only consist of extracts from, 
or summaries of, and will be based solely on, information contained in financial and other information 
released publicly by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlying(s). Unless 
otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Pricing Supplement and in relation to Exempt Notes only, 
the relevant Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMFL) (as the case may be) accept(s) responsibility for accurately reproducing 
such extracts or summaries and, as far as the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) (as the case may be) is/are aware and 
is/are able to ascertain from information published by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, 
of such Underlying(s), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with the paragraphs 
immediately above. 
The Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are 
incorporated by reference therein (see Section E.1 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for 
the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus"). The Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus shall be read and construed 
on the basis that such documents are incorporated into and form part of the Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus. 
The CGMHI Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated 
by reference therein (see Section E.2 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus"). The CGMHI Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such 
documents are incorporated into and form part of the CGMHI Base Prospectus. 
The CGMFL Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated 
by reference therein (see Section E.3 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus"). The CGMFL Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such 
documents are incorporated into and form part of the CGMFL Base Prospectus.

--- Page 22 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xxii 
 
The Citigroup Inc. base prospectus (the "Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus") will comprise this Base 
Prospectus with the exception of:  
(a) 
the information in Section E.2 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus";  
(b) 
the information in Section E.3 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated therein by reference thereby; 
(c) 
the information in Section F.2 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings 
Inc."; 
(d) 
the information in Section F.3 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A."; 
(e) 
the information in Section F.4 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Limited";  
(f) 
the information in Section F.5 entitled "Form Of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee"; and 
(g) 
the information in Section F.7 entitled "Alternative Performance Measures - CGMFL 
Guarantor". 
The CGMHI base prospectus (the "CGMHI Base Prospectus") will comprise this Base Prospectus with 
the exception of:  
(a) 
the information in Section E.1 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup 
Inc. Base Prospectus"; 
(b) 
the information in Section E.3 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus"; 
(c) 
the information in Section F.3 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.";  
(d) 
the information in Section F.4 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Limited"; 
(e) 
the information in Section F.5 entitled "Form Of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee"; and 
(f) 
the information in Section F.7 entitled "Alternative Performance Measures - CGMFL 
Guarantor".  
The CGMFL base prospectus (the "CGMFL Base Prospectus") will comprise this Base Prospectus with 
the exception of: 
(a) 
the information in Section E.1 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup 
Inc. Base Prospectus";  
(b) 
the information in Section E.2 entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated therein by reference thereby; 
(c) 
the information in Section F.1 entitled "Description of Citigroup Inc."; and

--- Page 23 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xxiii 
 
(d) 
the information in Section F.2 entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings 
Inc.". 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) 
or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the 
affairs of the Issuer and/or, where applicable, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of any Issuer and/or 
CGMHI Guarantor or CGMFL Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Important information relating to the use of this Base Prospectus and offers of Notes generally 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL 
Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that 
any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility 
for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary 
in the applicable Issue Terms, no action has been taken by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering 
of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Andorra, Argentina, 
Australia, Austria, the Kingdom of Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, the British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, 
Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Dominican Republic, 
Dubai International Financial Centre, Ecuador, El Salvador, Finland, France, Guatemala, Honduras, 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Hungary, India, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, State of Kuwait, 
Mexico, Netherlands, Norway, Oman, Panama, Paraguay, People's Republic of China, Peru, Philippines, 
Poland, Portugal, State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), Russian Federation, Kingdom of 
Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Republic of Turkey, United 
Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) and Uruguay. See "Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
The price and principal amount of securities (including any Notes) to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions.

--- Page 24 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xxiv 
 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the 
Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the 
accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements or other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or any Notes are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
should not be considered as a recommendation or a statement of opinion, or a report of either of those 
things, by any Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each potential purchaser of 
any Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and its purchase of any Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Each 
potential purchaser is authorised to use this Base Prospectus solely for the purpose of considering the 
purchase of Notes described in this Base Prospectus; any other usage of this Base Prospectus is 
unauthorised. None of the Dealers (in the case of CGML, in its capacity as Dealer) undertakes to review 
the financial condition or affairs of any Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor during 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in any Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers. 
For convenience, certain website addresses have been provided in this Base Prospectus. Except as 
expressly set forth in this Base Prospectus, no information in such websites should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus, the Central Bank of Ireland has not scrutinised 
or approved the information contained in such websites and none of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor, 
the CGMFL Guarantor and any Dealer takes responsibility for the information contained in such 
websites. 
In connection with any Tranche (as defined in section G.3 below), one or more of the Dealers may act 
as a stabilisation manager (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)"). The identity of the Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any, will be disclosed in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Issue Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
"Euro", "euro", "€" or "EUR" are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the 
European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended (the "Treaty"), references to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" are to the currency of 
the United States of America, references to "Yen" and "JPY"are to the currency of Japan, references to 
"Sterling", and "GBP" are to the currency of the United Kingdom, references to "Renminbi", "RMB" 
and "CNY" are to the currency of the People's Republic of China, references to "Australian dollars" 
and "AUD" are to the "currency of the Commonwealth of Australia, references to "New Zealand dollars" 
are to the currency of New Zealand, references to "Polish Zloty" and "PLN" are to the currency of the 
Republic of Poland, references to "Brazilian real" are to the currency of the Federal Republic of Brazil, 
references to "Czech Koruna" and "CZK"are to the currency of the Czech Republic, references to

--- Page 25 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xxv 
 
"Norwegian Kroner" and "NOK" are to the currency of the Kingdom of Norway, references to "Swedish 
Krona" and "SEK" are to the currency of the Kingdom of Sweden, references to "Saudi Riyals" are to 
the currency of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and references to "Rand" are to the currency of the 
Republic of South Africa.   
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. None 
of the Notes has been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, 
nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or 
determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation 
to the contrary is unlawful. The Notes do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts 
of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the 
CFTC pursuant to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 
None of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and any Dealer makes any 
representation to any investor in any Notes regarding the legality of its investment under any 
applicable laws. Any investor in any Notes should be able to bear the economic risk of an 
investment in such Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds – None of the Issuers, the 
Guarantors, the Arranger, the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or 
warranty or gives any assurance as to whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such "green", "social", "sustainable" or similar labels. None of the Arranger, the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any 
assessment of the Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Green Assets, Social Finance Assets or the assets 
comprising any Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio (as defined in the "Investment Considerations" 
section of this Base Prospectus), any verification of whether such assets meet any eligibility criteria set 
out in the Green Bond Framework, the Social Bond Framework or the Social Finance Framework (as 
defined in the "Investment Considerations" section of this Base Prospectus) nor are they responsible for 
the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Social Finance Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds or the allocation of the 
proceeds to particular Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Green Assets, Social Finance Assets or assets 
comprising any Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio. Each relevant framework and any public 
reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds will be available on the 
Citi website as described in the "Investment Considerations" section of this Base Prospectus but, for the 
avoidance of doubt, will not be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. None of the Issuers, 
the Guarantors, the Arranger and the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability or content of 
such materials. 
U.S. information 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted in the United States to a limited number of QIBs only for 
informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of Notes issued by

--- Page 26 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xxvi 
 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI being offered hereby. Its use for any other purpose in the United States 
is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed 
or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is 
originally submitted. 
Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only if the applicable Issue Terms specifies 
that they are being offered in reliance on Rule 144A and then only to QIBs in transactions exempt 
from registration under the Securities Act. Each U.S. purchaser of Notes is hereby notified that 
the offer and sale of any Notes to it is being made in reliance upon the exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A and one or more exemptions 
and/or exclusions from regulation under the CEA. 
Each purchaser or holder of Notes will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Notes, 
to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other 
transfer of such Notes as set out in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this "U.S. information" section have the meanings given to 
them in "Form of the Notes". 
Any tax discussion herein was written to support the promotion or marketing of the Notes to be 
issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus. Each taxpayer should seek advice based on the taxpayer's 
particular circumstances from an independent tax advisor. 
Notwithstanding any limitation on disclosure by any party provided for herein, or any other provision of 
this Base Prospectus and its contents or any associated Issue Terms, and effective from the date of 
commencement of any discussions concerning any of the transactions contemplated herein (the 
"Transactions"), any party (and each employee, representative, or other agent of any party) may disclose 
to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the 
Transactions and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to 
it relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, except to the extent that any such disclosure could 
reasonably be expected to cause this Base Prospectus, any associated Issue Terms, or any offering of 
Notes thereunder not to be in compliance with securities laws. For purposes of this paragraph, the tax 
treatment of the Transactions is the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the 
Transactions, and the tax structure of the Transactions is any fact that may be relevant to understanding 
the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Transactions. 
Available information 
Citigroup Inc. has, in respect of Notes issued by it, undertaken in a deed poll dated 21 December 2015 
(as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Citigroup Inc. Rule 144A Deed 
Poll") and CGMHI and Citigroup Inc. have, in respect of Notes issued by CGMHI, undertaken in a deed 
poll dated 21 December 2015 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"CGMHI Rule 144A Deed Poll" and, together with the Citigroup Inc. Rule 144A Deed Poll, the "Rule 
144A Deed Polls") to furnish, upon the request of a holder of any Notes offered and sold in reliance on 
Rule 144A or any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by 
him the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the 
time of the request, Citigroup Inc. is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), nor exempt from reporting pursuant 
to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder.

--- Page 27 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xxvii 
 
Notice to residents in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as 
are permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the "CMA"). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base Prospectus 
and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, 
any part of this Base Prospectus.  Prospective purchasers of Notes should conduct their own due diligence 
on the accuracy of the information relating to the Notes.  If you do not understand the contents of this 
Base Prospectus, you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
Notice to residents in the Kingdom of Bahrain 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Notes issued in connection with this Base Prospectus 
and related offering documents must only be offered in registered form to existing accountholders and 
"Accredited Investors" (each as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the "CBB")) in the Kingdom of 
Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or the equivalent 
amount in any other currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to the 
terms of Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (Decree Law No. 64 of 
2006, as amended). This Base Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be 
registered as a prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document 
or material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than as marketing to 
Accredited Investors for an offer outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved, registered or filed this Base Prospectus or related offering 
documents and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Notes to be marketed for investment, 
whether in or outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the 
accuracy and completeness of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole 
or any part of the content of this Base Prospectus.  No offer of Notes will be made to the public in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, 
passed to, or made available to the public generally. 
Any offer of Notes to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain will be made by way of private placement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no offer of Notes will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain. All 
offers of Notes to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain are therefore intended for "Accredited Investors" 
only. "Accredited Investors" are defined as investors meeting the following criteria: 
1. 
individuals who have a minimum net worth (or joint net worth with their spouse) of 
U.S.$1,000,000 (one million United States Dollars) excluding that person’s principal place of 
residence; 
2. 
companies, partnerships, trusts or other commercial undertakings, which have financial assets 
available for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000 (one million United States Dollars); or

--- Page 28 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xxviii 
 
3. 
Governments, supranational organisations, central banks or other national monetary authorities, 
and state organisations whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as state 
pension funds). 
Individuals and commercial undertakings may elect in writing to be treated as Accredited Investors 
subject to meeting at least 2 (two) of the following conditions: 
1. 
the investor has carried out trading/investing transactions, in significant size (i.e. value of 
transactions aggregating U.S.$200,000 (two hundred thousand United States Dollars)) over the 
last twelve (12) month period; 
2. 
the size of the investor's financial assets portfolio including cash deposits and financial 
instruments is U.S.$500,000 (five hundred thousand United States Dollars) or more; and/or 
3. 
the investor works or has worked in the financial sector for at least 1 (one) year in a professional 
position, which requires knowledge of the transactions or services envisaged (i.e. the position 
was professional in nature and held in a field that allowed the client to acquire knowledge of 
transactions or services that have comparable features and a comparable level of complexity to 
the transactions or services envisaged). 
All offers of Notes to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain will be made by way of private placement 
and may only be offered to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain in minimum subscriptions of 
U.S.$100,000 (or equivalent in other currencies). 
Notice to residents in the State of Qatar 
Under no circumstances shall the Notes be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly or indirectly, 
in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute a public 
offering. This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer, sale or delivery of interest in any 
securities under the laws of the State of Qatar including the rules and regulations of the Qatar Central 
Bank ("QCB"), Qatar Financial Centre Authority ("QFCA"), Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory 
Authority ("QFCRA") and the Qatar Financial Markets Authority ("QFMA"). This Base Prospectus has 
not been and will not be reviewed or approved by or registered with the QCB, the Qatar Exchange, the 
QFCRA or the QFMA in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in the State of Qatar 
(including the regulations of the Qatar Financial Centre). Therefore, to the extent that this Base 
Prospectus is issued or otherwise made available in the State of Qatar, it is being issued on a strictly 
private and confidential basis to less than two hundred sophisticated investors in the State of Qatar who 
are willing and able to conduct an independent review of the risks involved in an investment of this 
nature. In the State of Qatar it may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose nor provided to any 
other person other than the recipient thereof. The Notes are neither Qatari securities nor will they be 
traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The Notes and interests therein do not constitute debt financing in 
the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) under the Commercial Companies Law No. (11) 
of 2015 or otherwise under the laws of the State of Qatar (including the regulations of the Qatar Financial 
Centre). The information contained in this Base Prospectus does not, and is not intended to, constitute a 
public or general offer or other invitation in respect of units in a collective investment scheme or other 
securities in the State of Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre and is only intended for specific recipients, 
in compliance with the foregoing. 
Notice to residents in the Sultanate of Oman 
Under no circumstances shall the Notes be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly or indirectly, 
in the Sultanate of Oman in a way that would constitute as an offer of securities in Oman as contemplated

--- Page 29 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xxix 
 
by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (RD 18/2019) or otherwise under the laws of the Sultanate 
of Oman. This Base Prospectus has not been filed with, reviewed, approved or registered as a prospectus 
with the Capital Market Authority of Oman or the Central Bank of Oman. This Base Prospectus is strictly 
private and confidential and is provided on an exclusive basis to a limited number of sophisticated 
investors upon their request and initiative, and for the recipient’s personal use only. It is not for general 
circulation in the Sultanate of Oman and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
RUSSIAN NOTICES 
Information contained herein is not an offer, or an invitation to make offers, sell, exchange or otherwise 
transfer any securities in the Russian Federation to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity and 
does not constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian Federation within the 
meaning of Russian securities laws. Information contained in this Base Prospectus is not intended for 
any persons in the Russian Federation who are not "qualified investors" within the meaning of Article 
51.2 of Federal Law No. 39-FZ "On the Securities Market" dated 22 April 1996, as amended (the 
"Russian QIs") and must not be distributed or circulated into Russia or made available in Russia to any 
persons who are not Russian QIs, unless and to the extent they are otherwise permitted to access such 
information under Russian law. The Notes have not been and will not be registered in Russia and are not 
intended for "placement" or "circulation" in Russia (each as defined in Russian securities laws) or 
otherwise for sale to Russian persons unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law. 
Information contained herein may not correspond to the risk profile of a particular investor, does not take 
in account one's personal preferences and expectations on risk and/or profitability and therefore does not 
constitute an individual investment recommendation for the purposes of Russian law. 
Notice to residents in Turkey 
This Base Prospectus is provided upon your request and this Base Prospectus (and any information 
contained herein) is for information purposes and is not intended to provide any investment advice or 
constitute an offer of Notes for sale, or solicitation of an offer to purchase of Notes by Turkish residents 
or toward the Turkish market. The Notes referred to herein have not been approved by the Capital 
Markets Board of Turkey (the CMB) and, therefore, no material, announcement or promotion, regardless 
of its form or medium, could be made or distributed to Turkish residents that would constitute "an offer 
of sale in Turkey or towards Turkish residents". Pursuant to Article 15(d)(ii) of Decree No. 32 regarding 
the protection of the value of the Turkish currency, however, a resident of Turkey may purchase Notes 
on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, provided that (i) such Notes are traded in the financial markets 
outside of Turkey; (ii) such purchase is made through licensed banks and/or licensed brokerage 
institutions in Turkey; and (iii) the consideration of the purchase of such Notes has been or will be 
transferred through licensed banks operating in Turkey. 
Notice to residents in the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial 
Centre) 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the United Arab Emirates ("UAE") other than to a limited 
number of investors who qualify as professional investors as defined in the Securities and Commodities 
Authority ("SCA") Decision No. 13/RM/2021 on the Rules Handbook of Financial Activities and 
Mechanisms of Status Regularisation. No Notes have been or are being publicly offered, sold, promoted 
or advertised in the UAE. The Notes will be sold outside the UAE and are not part of a public offering. 
This Base Prospectus, any relevant documents and the Notes have not been reviewed or approved by, 
registered or deposited with, the UAE Central Bank, the SCA or any other relevant licensing authorities 
or governmental agencies in the UAE. This Base Prospectus must not be shown, made available or 
provided to any person other than the original recipient and may not be reproduced or used for any other 
purpose. The Notes may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly to the public in the UAE. If you do 
not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus, you should consult an authorised financial adviser.

--- Page 30 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xxx 
 
PRIIPS/IMPORTANT – EEA Retail Investors – Other than as provided in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, save in relation to any jurisdiction(s) or period(s) for which the "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors" is specified to be not applicable in any Issue Terms, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRIIPs/IMPORTANT – UK retail investors – Other than as provided in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a 
"retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made 
thereunder; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the "UK Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance – A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about 
whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the 
"MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance – A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about 
whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
Unless otherwise provided, in connection with any issue of Notes in respect of which Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited is the manufacturer (for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules and 
MiFID II), it has prepared the following Target Market Assessment and Distribution Strategy 
https://www.citibank.com/icg/global_markets/docs/Target-Market-and-Distribution-Strategy-UK-
EEA.pdf. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution strategy; however,

--- Page 31 ---
Important Information Relating to Offers of Notes 
 
xxxi 
 
a distributor subject to MiFID II or UK MiFIR is responsible for (i) undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market 
assessment); and (ii) determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital 
markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04 N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA 
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 32 ---
Table of Contents 
 
xxxii 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
SECTION A – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................... 35 
This section sets out a brief description of the Programme. ................................................................... 35 
SECTION B – RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................... 36 
This section sets out the principal risks the Issuers and the Guarantors believe to be inherent in investing 
in Notes. .................................................................................................................................................. 36 
SECTION C – INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................... 111 
This section sets out certain investment considerations to be carefully considered by an investor prior to 
making a decision as to whether to invest in Notes. ............................................................................. 111 
SECTION D – HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT ....................................................................... 134 
THIS SECTION PROVIDES A GUIDE AS TO WHICH PARTS OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS ARE RELEVANT FOR PARTICULAR NOTES. ............................................ 134 
SECTION E – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR 
INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS ............................................................................................. 145 
This section incorporates selected financial and other information regarding the Issuers and the 
Guarantors from other publicly available documents. This section also details where certain other 
specified documents relating to the Notes are made available for viewing. ......................................... 145 
SECTION E.1 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE 
CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................. 146 
SECTION E.2 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI 
BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................................ 162 
SECTION E.3 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL 
BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................................ 179 
SECTION E.4 – DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION ................................... 199 
SECTION E.5 – SUPPLEMENTS TO THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS OR 
THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS .................. 201 
SECTION F – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTORS 202 
This section provides a description of the Issuers' and the Guarantors' business activities as well as 
certain other information in respect of them. ....................................................................................... 202 
SECTION F.1 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. ...................................................... 203 
SECTION F.2 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC.
................................................................................................................................................ 213 
SECTION F.3 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING 
LUXEMBOURG S.C.A ......................................................................................................... 219 
SECTION F.4 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED ........ 226 
SECTION F.5 – FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE .................................. 229 
SECTION F.6 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CITIGROUP INC. ... 235 
SECTION F.7 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CGMFL GUARANTOR
................................................................................................................................................ 238

--- Page 33 ---
Table of Contents 
 
xxxiii 
 
SECTION G – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
NOTES ................................................................................................................................................ 241 
This section sets out a general description of the Programme under which securities, including Notes, 
may be issued. ....................................................................................................................................... 241 
SECTION G.1 DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES ................................ 242 
SECTION G.2 – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF NOTES 
UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................... 262 
This section sets out certain general information relating to the listing and clearing system(s) 
that may apply to Notes issued under the Base Prospectus, as well as an explanation that 
there is no intention to provide post-issuance information and an explanation relating to ... 262 
SECTION G.3 – ISSUE OF NOTES ..................................................................................... 264 
This section sets out general information relating to the issue of Notes, including an 
explanation of the differences between a Tranche and a Series and information relating to 
Notes with Offer Periods continuing beyond the validity of the 2023 CGMFL Base Prospectus.
................................................................................................................................................ 264 
SECTION G.4 – FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................ 265 
This section describes the form of the Notes (which form may be global registered form, 
definitive registered form or uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form). ............... 265 
SECTION G.5 – BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ............................................... 269 
This section sets out information relating to the clearing system(s) through which a Series of 
Notes may be cleared. ............................................................................................................ 269 
SECTION G.6 – ERISA MATTERS ..................................................................................... 277 
This section sets out information relating to a restriction on Notes being acquired or held by 
certain United States pension and employee benefit plans and certain other plans such as 
individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans. .................................................................. 277 
SECTION G.7 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS.................................................................................................................... 278 
This section sets out an overview of certain restrictions around who can purchase the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions. .............................................................................................................. 278 
SECTION G.8 – TAXATION OF NOTES ............................................................................ 312 
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to Notes. ........ 312 
SECTION H – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................... 399 
SECTION H.1 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................ 403 
The General Conditions of the Notes set out the general terms and conditions relating to the 
Notes. These are generic provisions that apply to all Notes. ................................................. 403 
SECTION H.2 – SCHEDULES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 478 
The Underlying Schedules set out the terms and conditions relating to underlying assets. The 
Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Series of Notes will depend on which 
underlying asset(s) the Notes are linked to the elections and information detailed in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. The other Schedules set out terms and 
conditions for particular types of Notes, as further described below. .................................... 478 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS ................................ 479 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 RATE CONDITIONS ........................................................ 485 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 (CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS) .................................. 488

--- Page 34 ---
Table of Contents 
 
xxxiv 
 
PART A: INTRODUCTION TO THE CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS FREQUENTLY 
ASKED QUESTIONS) .......................................................................................................... 488 
PART B: CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) ...................... 542 
PART C – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) .................... 739 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 (INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS) ....................................... 826 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 (FX RATE CONDITIONS)................................................ 844 
SCHEDULE A – CITIGROUP INC. TLAC ELIGIBLE NOTES ......................................... 857 
Schedule A sets out provisions for certain Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. and will apply to a 
relevant Series of Notes if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms ................................... 857 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE .............................................................. 859 
The Valuation and Settlement Schedule sets out the economic or 'payout' terms of the Notes. 
These are optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series 
of Notes. The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will specify which of the 
provisions apply to that Series of Notes. ................................................................................ 859 
SECTION H.3 – PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS .................................................................. 980 
The Pro Forma Final Terms is a template of the Final Terms document which will be 
completed with the issue specific details of each Tranche of Notes which are not Exempt Notes 
and which reference the Valuation and Settlement Schedule. When completed, the Final Terms 
should be read in conjunction with General Conditions of the Notes, the Underlying Schedules 
which are expressed in the applicable Final Terms to apply to such Tranche of Notes and the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule, which together set out the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Series of Notes .......................................................................................................... 980 
SECTION H.4 – PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................ 1215 
The Pro Forma Pricing Supplement is a template of the Pricing Supplement document which 
will be completed with the issue specific details of each Tranche of Notes which are Exempt 
Notes and which reference the Valuation and Settlement Schedule. When completed, the 
Pricing Supplement should be read in conjunction with the General Conditions of the Notes, 
the Underlying Schedules which are expressed in the applicable Pricing Supplement to apply 
to such Series of Notes and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, which together set out the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Tranche of Notes. The Pricing Supplement may amend, 
modify or supplement provisions set out in the General Conditions of the Notes, any relevant 
Underlying Schedule(s) and/or the Valuation and Settlement Schedule. ............................. 1215 
SECTION I – INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS .............................................................................. 1440 
This section sets out a list of capitalised terms used in the Base Prospectus which have a particular 
definition ascribed to them and detail the page number where that definition can be found. ............ 1440 
SECTION J – NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES ................................................................... 1463 
This section sets out the names and addresses of entities that may perform certain key roles in relation 
to Notes or otherwise in relation to the Base Prospectus. .................................................................. 1463

--- Page 35 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
35 
 
SECTION A – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
Under the Programme, each Issuer may from time to time issue notes pursuant to this Base Prospectus 
(for the purpose of this Base Prospectus, the "Notes") including, for the avoidance of doubt, Notes 
denominated or payable in any currency, subject as set out herein. The applicable terms of any Notes 
will be agreed between the Issuer and, where applicable, the relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the 
Notes and will be set out in the terms and conditions of the Notes which, for the purpose of Notes issued 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus, shall mean the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" endorsed on, 
scheduled to, or incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as completed by PART A of the applicable 
Final Terms or as modified and/or supplemented, as applicable, by PART A of the applicable Pricing 
Supplement in each case, as attached to, or endorsed on, such Notes. 
All Notes issued by the Issuers under the Programme will be governed by English law, French law or by 
the law of the State of New York as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
36 
 
SECTION B – RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, you assume the risk that the Issuer and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor may become insolvent or otherwise 
be unable to satisfy their obligations in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor becoming unable to satisfy their 
obligations in respect of the Notes. It is not possible to identify all such factors, as the Issuer and, 
where CGMHI is the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL 
Guarantor may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they currently deem not 
to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's and, 
where CGMHI is the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor's or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL 
Guarantor's control. The Issuer and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or, where 
CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of 
factors which could materially adversely affect their businesses and ability to make payments due 
under, or to deliver assets on or in connection with, the Notes. 
Each of the risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes and, as a 
result, you could lose some or all of your investment. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under this Base Prospectus are also described below. 
You must read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus including any 
documents incorporated by reference herein and reach your own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
Risks relating to Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL 
Guarantor 
36 
Risks relating to Notes generally 
45 
Risks associated with Notes linked to rates and Benchmark Reform 
60 
Risks relating to Notes linked to Underlying(s) 
69 
Risks specific to Credit Linked Notes and/or Index Skew Notes 
75 
Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
100 
RISKS RELATING TO CITIGROUP INC., CGMHI, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR, CGMFL 
AND THE CGMFL GUARANTOR 
Set out below are certain risk factors which could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
operations, financial condition or prospects of one or more of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and cause one or more of Citigroup Inc.'s, CGMHI's, 
the CGMHI Guarantor's, CGMFL's and/or the CGMFL Guarantor's future results to be materially 
different from expected results. Citigroup Inc.'s, CGMHI's, the CGMHI Guarantor's, CGMFL's and/or 
the CGMFL Guarantor's results could also be affected by competition and other factors. The factors 
discussed below should not be regarded as a complete and comprehensive statement of all potential risks

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
37 
 
and uncertainties Citigroup Inc.'s, CGMHI's, the CGMHI Guarantor's, CGMFL's and the CGMFL 
Guarantor's businesses face. Each of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the 
CGMFL Guarantor has described only those risks relating to its operations that it considers to be material. 
There may be additional risks that Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and/or the 
CGMFL Guarantor currently considers not to be material or of which it is not currently aware, and any 
of these risks could have the effects set forth above. You should note that you bear the Issuer's, the 
CGMHI Guarantor's (where the Issuer is CGMHI) and the CGMFL Guarantor's (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) solvency risk. 
The ability of each of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL, as the case may 
be, is dependent on the earnings of Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries 
CGMHI is a holding company that does not engage in any material amount of business activities that 
generate revenues. CGMHI services its obligations primarily with dividends and advances from its 
subsidiaries. Its subsidiaries that operate in the securities businesses can only pay dividends if they are 
in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements imposed on them by federal and state regulatory 
authorities. Its respective subsidiaries may also be subject to credit agreements that also may restrict their 
ability to pay dividends. If such subsidiaries do not realise sufficient earnings to satisfy applicable 
regulatory requirements, or if such requirements are changed to further restrict the ability of such 
subsidiaries to pay dividends to CGMHI, CGMHI's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
by it may be adversely affected and consequently the value of and return on such Notes may also be 
adversely affected.   
In addition, Citigroup Inc. (also the CGMHI Guarantor in respect of Notes issued by CGMHI) is a 
holding company that does not engage in any material amount of business activities that generate 
revenues. It services its obligations primarily with dividends and advances from its subsidiaries. The 
ability of such subsidiaries to pay dividends or advances are dependent on a number of factors. For 
example, certain of Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries have co-branding and private label credit card 
relationships with various retailers and merchants through Group-branded cards and retail services credit 
card businesses. The five largest of these relationships constituted an aggregate of approximately 11 per 
cent. of the revenues of Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries (together the "Group") for 2019. These 
relationships could be negatively impacted by, among other things, the general economic environment, 
declining sales and revenues or other operational difficulties of the retailer or merchant, termination due 
to a breach by a Group entity or by the retailer or merchant, or other factors, including bankruptcies, 
liquidations, restructurings, consolidations and other similar events that would restrict the ability of the 
subsidiaries of Citigroup Inc. to pay dividends. 
Moreover, Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries that operate in the banking, insurance and securities businesses 
can only pay dividends if they are in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements imposed on 
them by federal and state regulatory authorities. Respective subsidiaries may also be subject to credit 
agreements that also may restrict their ability to pay dividends. If such subsidiaries do not realise 
sufficient earnings to satisfy applicable regulatory requirements, or if such requirements are changed to 
further restrict the ability of such subsidiaries to pay dividends to Citigroup Inc., Citigroup Inc.'s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee may be 
adversely affected and consequently the value of and return on the Notes issued by it or CGMHI (which 
have the benefit of a guarantee of the CGMHI Guarantor) may also be adversely affected.  
The subsidiaries of CGMHI and Citigroup Inc. are also exposed to concentrations of risk, particularly 
credit and market risk, as they routinely execute a high volume of securities, trading, derivative and 
foreign exchange transactions with non-U.S. sovereigns and with counterparties in the financial services 
industry. As regulatory or market developments continue to lead to increased centralisation of trading

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
38 
 
activities, these subsidiaries could also experience an increase in concentration of risk to these industries. 
These concentrations of risk could limit the effectiveness of any hedging strategies and cause the 
subsidiaries to incur significant losses, impacting their ability to pay dividends. 
Further, such dividends and/or advances, whether to CGMHI or Citigroup Inc. (or both), may be affected 
by macroeconomic, geopolitical and other challenges, uncertainties and volatilities and the presence of 
certain subsidiaries in emerging markets. For example, numerous uncertainties have arisen in relation to 
the potential impact of the UK's exit from the European Union and the U.S. federal government's 
indication that it may pursue protectionist trade and other policies. These and other global 
macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges have negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively 
impact, the businesses of CGMHI and/or Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries. The presence of certain 
subsidiaries in emerging markets subjects them to a number of risks, including sovereign volatility, 
foreign exchange controls and sanctions, and also increases their compliance and regulatory risks and 
costs. As a result, the dividends and/or advances subsidiaries are able to pay may be impacted which 
could have a negative effect on the ability of CGMHI or Citigroup Inc. to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes and consequently the value of and return on such Notes may also be adversely affected. 
The ability of CGMFL to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it is dependent on CGML 
performing its counterparty obligations owed to CGMFL 
CGMFL is subject to intra-group credit risk. From time to time, CGMFL enters into derivative 
transactions with CGML to offset or hedge its liabilities to Noteholders under Notes issued by it (which 
may include the Notes). As such, CGMFL is exposed to the credit risk of CGML in the form of 
counterparty risk in respect of such derivative transactions. In particular, CGMFL's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes is primarily dependent on CGML performing its counterparty obligations 
owed to CGMFL in respect of such derivative transactions in a timely manner, and any failure by CGML 
to do so will negatively affect the ability of CGMFL to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Noteholders 
will not have any recourse to CGML under any such derivative transactions. 
The military action by Russia in Ukraine, and related sanctions, export controls and similar actions 
or laws could adversely affect the Group's business activities and customers 
The ongoing action of Russian military forces and support personnel in Ukraine has escalated tensions 
between Russia and the U.S., NATO, the European Union and the UK. The U.S. has imposed, and is 
likely to impose material additional, financial and economic sanctions and export controls against certain 
Russian organisations and/or individuals, with similar actions implemented and/or planned by the 
European Union, the UK and other jurisdictions. The packages of financials and economic sanctions 
imposed by the U.S., the UK, and the European Union, in various ways, constrain transactions with 
numerous Russian entities and individuals; transactions in Russian sovereign debt; and investment, trade, 
and financing to, from, or in certain regions of Ukraine. The Group's ability to engage in activity with 
certain consumer and institutional businesses in Russia and Ukraine or involving certain Russian or 
Ukrainian businesses and customers is dependent in part upon whether such engagement is restricted 
under any current or expected U.S., European Union, UK or other countries' sanctions and laws, or is 
otherwise discontinued in light of these developments. Sanctions and export controls, as well as any 
actions by Russia, could adversely affect the Group's business activities and customers in and from 
Russia and Ukraine. Moreover, actions by Russia, and any further measures taken by the U.S. or its allies, 
could have negative impacts on regional and global financial markets and economic conditions, including 
without limitation global energy markets. The extent of the impact on the Group will continue to depend 
significantly on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
Any negative impact of Russia's actions in Ukraine, and related sanctions, export controls and similar 
actions or laws on the Group, including the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
 
39 
 
Guarantor, could adversely affect the ability of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, and the value of and return on the Notes may also be 
adversely affected. 
Rapidly evolving challenges and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S. and 
globally will likely continue to have negative impacts on the Group's businesses and results of 
operations and financial condition 
The COVID-19 pandemic has affected all of the countries and jurisdictions in which the Group operates, 
including severely impacting global health, financial markets, consumer and business spending and 
economic conditions. The extent of the future pandemic impacts remain uncertain and will likely evolve 
by region, country or state, largely depending on the duration and severity of the public health 
consequences, including the duration and further spread of the coronavirus as well as any variants 
becoming more prevalent and impactful; further production, distribution, acceptance and effectiveness 
of vaccines; availability and efficiency of testing; the public response; and government actions. The 
future impacts to global economic conditions may include, among others: 
• 
further disruption of global supply chains; 
• 
higher inflation; 
• 
higher interest rates; 
• 
significant disruption and volatility in financial markets; 
• 
additional closures, reduced activity and failures of many businesses, leading to loss of revenues 
and net losses; 
• 
further institution of social distancing and restrictions on businesses and the movement of the 
public in and among the U.S. and other countries; and 
• 
reduced U.S. and global economic output. 
The pandemic has had, and may continue to have, negative impacts on the Group's businesses and overall 
results of operations and financial condition, which could be material. The extent of the impact on the 
Group's operations and financial performance, including its ability to execute its business strategies and 
initiatives, will continue to depend significantly on future developments in the U.S. and globally. Such 
developments are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the course of the coronavirus, as well as 
any weakness or slowing in the economic recovery or a further economic downturn, whether due to 
further supply chain disruptions, inflation trends, higher interest rates or otherwise. 
The pandemic may not be sufficiently contained for an extended period of time. A prolonged health crisis 
could reduce economic activity in the U.S. and other countries, resulting in additional declines or 
weakness in employment trends and business and consumer confidence.  These factors could negatively 
impact global economic activity and markets; cause a continued decline in the demand for the Group's 
products and services and in its revenues; further increase the Group's credit and other costs; and may 
result in impairment of long-lived assets or goodwill.  These factors could also cause an increase in the 
Group's balance sheet, risk-weighted assets and allowance for credit losses, resulting in a decline in 
regulatory capital ratios or liquidity measures, as well as regulatory demands for higher capital levels 
and/or limitations or reductions in capital distributions (such as common share repurchases and 
dividends).  Moreover, any disruption or failure of the Group's performance of, or its ability to perform,

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
 
40 
 
key business functions, as a result of the continued spread of COVID-19 or otherwise, could adversely 
affect the Group's operations. 
The impact of the pandemic on the Group's consumer and corporate borrowers will vary by sector or 
industry, with some borrowers experiencing greater stress levels, particularly as credit and customer 
assistance support further winds down, which could lead to increased pressure on their results of 
operations and financial condition, increased borrowings or credit ratings downgrades, thus likely leading 
to higher credit costs for the Group.  These borrowers include, among others, businesses that are more 
directly impacted by the institution of social distancing, the movement of the public and store closures. 
In addition, stress levels ultimately experienced by the Group's borrowers may be different from and 
more intense than assumptions made in prior estimates or models used by the Group, resulting in an 
increase in the Group's allowance for credit losses or net credit losses, particularly as the benefits of fiscal 
stimulus and government support programs diminish. 
Ongoing legislative and regulatory changes in the U.S. and globally to address the economic impact from 
the pandemic could further affect the Group's businesses, operations and financial performance.  The 
Group could also face challenges, including legal and reputational, and scrutiny in its efforts to provide 
relief measures. Such efforts have resulted in, and may continue to result in, litigation, including class 
actions, and regulatory and government actions and proceedings. Such actions may result in judgments, 
settlements, penalties and fines adverse to the Group. In addition, the different types of government 
actions could vary in scale and duration across jurisdictions and regions with varying degrees of 
effectiveness. 
The Group has taken measures to maintain the health and safety of its colleagues; however, these 
measures could result in additional expenses, and illness of employees could negatively affect staffing 
for a period of time. In addition, the Group's ability to recruit, hire and onboard colleagues in key areas 
could be negatively impacted by pandemic restrictions as well as the Group's COVID-19 vaccination 
requirement. 
Further, it is unclear how the macroeconomic or business environment or societal norms may be impacted 
after the pandemic.  The post-pandemic environment may undergo unexpected developments or changes 
in financial markets, fiscal, monetary, tax and regulatory environments and consumer customer and 
corporate client behaviour.  These developments and changes could have an adverse impact on the 
Group's results of operations and financial condition.  Ongoing business and regulatory uncertainties and 
changes may make the Group's longer-term business, balance sheet and strategic and budget planning 
more difficult or costly.  The Group and its management and businesses may also experience increased 
or different competitive and other challenges in this environment.  To the extent that it is not able to 
adapt or compete effectively, the Group could experience loss of business and its results of operations 
and financial condition could suffer. 
Any negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group, including the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, could adversely affect the ability of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, and consequently the value 
of and return on such Notes may also be adversely affected. 
No Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor with regard to insolvency or bankruptcy of 
the CGMHI Guarantor 
You should note that there are no Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor with regard to 
the insolvency or bankruptcy of the CGMHI Guarantor (or any similar event), any other default of the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee not being (or being claimed not to be) in full force 
and effect. Therefore, even though the CGMHI Guarantor may be declared bankrupt or enters into

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
 
41 
 
insolvency proceedings or disclaims the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, you, notwithstanding that you are 
a holder of Notes issued by CGMHI will not be able to trigger an Event of Default under the Notes and 
thus will not be able to cause the Notes to be immediately due and payable, and the Notes will not redeem 
until maturity (unless there has been an Event of Default due to non-payment of interest or principal or 
bankruptcy or other default of CGMHI in the meantime). It is possible that you may receive a lower 
return at maturity than if you were able to accelerate the Notes for immediate repayment in such 
circumstances. 
Under U.S. banking law, Citigroup Inc. may be required to apply its available funds to support the 
financial position of its banking subsidiaries, rather than to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
Under longstanding policy of The Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, a bank 
holding company (such as Citigroup Inc.) is expected to act as a source of financial strength for its U.S 
insured depositary institutions and to commit resources to support such banks. As a result of that policy, 
Citigroup Inc. may be required to commit resources (in the form of investments or loans) to its U.S 
insured depositary institutions in amounts or at times that could adversely affect its ability to also fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes issued by it and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, and consequently the 
value of and return on the Notes issued by it or CGMHI (which have the benefit of a guarantee of the 
CGMHI Guarantor) may also be adversely affected. 
The inclusion of contractual stay provisions in the terms and conditions of the Notes could materially 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders in a resolution scenario 
In the autumn of 2017, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the FDIC and the Office 
of the Comptroller of the Currency issued rules ("QFC Stay Rules") designed to improve the 
resolvability and resilience of U.S. global systemically important banking organisations ("G-SIBs") and 
the U.S. operations of foreign G-SIBs, by mitigating the risk of destabilising closeouts of qualified 
financial contracts ("QFCs") in resolution. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries, including CGMHI, 
CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, are "covered entities" subject to the QFC Stay Rules. Certain of 
the Notes (such Notes, "Covered Instruments"), the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee – to the extent those guarantees relate to Covered Instruments – may qualify as QFCs. 
The QFC Stay Rules seek to eliminate impediments to the orderly resolution of a G-SIB both in a scenario 
where resolution proceedings are instituted by the U.S. regulatory authorities under the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act or the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of the Dodd Frank Act ("OLA") 
(together, the "U.S. Special Resolution Regimes") as well as in a scenario where the G-SIB is resolved 
under ordinary insolvency proceedings. To achieve this, the QFC Stay Rules require covered entities 
(such as Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor) to ensure that their QFCs subject 
to the QFC Stay Rules (including any Notes which are Covered Instruments) (i) contain an express 
contractual recognition of the statutory stay-and-transfer provisions of the U.S. Special Resolution 
Regimes and (ii) do not contain cross-default rights against the covered entity based on an affiliate 
becoming subject to any type of insolvency proceeding or restrictions on the transfer of any related credit 
enhancements (including a guarantee) issued by an affiliate of the covered entity following the affiliate's 
entry into insolvency proceedings.    
To address these requirements, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain an express contractual 
recognition that, in the event any of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of Notes 
which are Covered Instruments, and (in relation to Covered Instruments) the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee 
and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee (and the transfer of any interest and obligation in or under such 
Covered Instruments, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee) from the Issuer,

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
 
42 
 
the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, will be effective to the same extent as 
the transfer would be effective under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime.  
In addition, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain an express contractual recognition that, in the 
event any of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and any of their affiliates 
becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, default rights against the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor with respect to the Covered Instruments, the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee are permitted to be exercised to no greater 
extent than they could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime. For these purposes, 
"default rights" include the right to terminate, liquidate or accelerate a QFC or demand payment or 
delivery thereunder. See General Condition 19 (Acknowledgement of the United States Special 
Resolution Regimes). 
Each of Citigroup Inc., as a U.S. entity incorporated in Delaware, and CGMHI, as a U.S. entity 
incorporated in the State of New York, could be placed into proceedings under OLA if certain 
determinations are made by the applicable U.S. regulatory authorities. However, under the law in effect 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, although CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor are each "covered 
entities" for the purposes of the QFC Stay Rules and are required to include the above-described 
acknowledgements in relevant QFCs, neither CGMFL nor the CGMFL Guarantor, as non-U.S. entities, 
are eligible to be placed into proceedings under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.  
The exercise of any power under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes could materially adversely affect 
the rights of the holders of Notes issued by CGMHI or Citigroup Inc., (e.g. in respect of the right to 
demand payment), and accordingly, the price or value of their investment in any such Note and/or the 
ability of such Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Notes. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, interpretation of the application of the relevant 
requirements and market practice is continuing to evolve. If you are in any doubt about the 
categorisation of any Notes as QFCs and the effect of any proceeding under a U.S. Special 
Resolution Regime on such Notes, you should take advice from such professional advisers as you 
may deem necessary. 
Ability to Substitute the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor in Insolvency 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes explicitly provide that nothing in General Condition 15 
(Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor) shall limit the ability of 
the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor to be substituted upon or following the relevant entity 
becoming subject to a resolution, restructuring, or reorganisation or similar proceeding. This means any 
such substitution of the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor does not have to comply with the 
substitution criteria set out in General Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
and the CGMFL Guarantor). Any such substitution could adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the 
price and/or value of their investment in the Notes and/or performance under the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as the case may be. 
A reduction of the Issuer's and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or, 
where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor's ratings may reduce the market value and 
liquidity of the relevant Notes 
The value of the Notes is expected to be affected, in part, by investors' general appraisal of the Issuer's, 
the CGMHI Guarantor's, the CGMFL Guarantor's and/or their affiliates' creditworthiness. Such 
perceptions are generally influenced by the ratings accorded to the outstanding securities of the relevant 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates by standard statistical

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
 
43 
 
rating services, such as Moody's, S&P and Fitch. A reduction in the rating, if any, accorded to outstanding 
debt securities (if any) of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or the securities 
issued by any of their affiliates by one of these rating agencies could result in a reduction in the trading 
value of the Notes. 
Each rating agency may reduce, suspend or withdraw any credit ratings of an Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor at any time in the future if, in its judgement, circumstances 
warrant a change. No rating agency is obligated to maintain its ratings at their current levels.  
The rating agencies continuously evaluate Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries, and their ratings of 
Citigroup Inc.'s and its subsidiaries' long-term and short-term debt are based on a number of factors, 
including financial strength, as well as factors not entirely within the control of Citigroup Inc. and its 
subsidiaries, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. 
If a rating agency reduces, suspends or withdraws its rating of an Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is 
CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, and/or any 
affiliate thereof, the liquidity and market value of the Notes and, where applicable, the CGMHI 
Guarantor's or CGMFL Guarantor's ability to fulfil its guarantor obligations are likely to be adversely 
affected. 
In addition, ratings downgrades by Fitch, Moody's or S&P could have a significant and immediate impact 
on Citigroup Inc.'s funding and liquidity through cash obligations, reduced funding capacity and 
derivative triggers and additional margin requirements. Ratings downgrades could also have a negative 
impact on other funding sources, such as secured financing and other margin requirements, for which 
there are no explicit triggers. Some entities may also have ratings limitations as to their permissible 
counterparties, of which Citigroup Inc. may or may not be aware. A reduction in Citigroup Inc.'s or its 
subsidiaries' credit ratings could also widen Citigroup Inc.'s credit spreads or otherwise increase its 
borrowing costs and limit its access to the capital markets. Any of the foregoing factors may negatively 
impact the value of and return on the Notes. 
For information on the credit ratings of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor, 
please refer to the sub-section entitled "Credit Ratings" in "Important information relating to Non-exempt 
Offers of Notes" at page xvii above.  
Citigroup Inc. may not be able to maintain adequate liquidity or funding which may result in a 
negative impact on the market value of the Notes issued by it or (in the case of Notes issued by CGMHI) 
its ability to fulfil its guarantor obligations 
As a global financial institution, adequate liquidity and sources of funding are essential to Citigroup Inc.'s 
businesses. Citigroup Inc.'s liquidity and sources of funding can be significantly and negatively impacted 
by factors it cannot control, such as general disruptions in the financial markets, governmental fiscal and 
monetary policies, regulatory changes or negative investor perceptions of Citigroup Inc.'s 
creditworthiness. 
In addition, Citigroup Inc.'s costs to obtain and access secured funding and long-term unsecured funding 
are directly related to its credit spreads. Changes in credit spreads are driven by both external market 
factors and factors specific to Citigroup Inc., and can be highly volatile.  
Moreover, Citigroup Inc.'s ability to obtain funding may be impaired if other market participants are 
seeking to access the markets at the same time, or if market appetite declines, as is likely to occur in a 
liquidity stress event or other market crisis. A sudden drop in market liquidity could also cause a 
temporary or lengthier dislocation of underwriting and capital markets activity. In addition, clearing

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
 
44 
 
organisations, central banks, clients and financial institutions with which Citigroup Inc. interacts may 
exercise the right to require additional collateral based on their perceptions or the market conditions, 
which could further impair Citigroup Inc.'s access to and cost of funding.  
These factors may negatively impact the market value of the Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or (in the 
case of Notes issued by CGMHI) Citigroup Inc.'s ability to fulfil its guarantor obligations. 
Actions taken under the Banking Act in relation to the CGMFL Guarantor could materially adversely 
affect the value of and return on Notes issued by CGMFL  
Under the Banking Act 2009 (the "Banking Act"), substantial powers are granted to HM Treasury, the 
Bank of England, the FCA and the Prudential Regulation Authority (the "PRA") (together, the 
"Authorities") as part of a special resolution regime (the "SRR"). These powers may be exercised in 
respect of certain UK entities (each a "relevant entity"), including certain PRA-designated investment 
firms such as the CGMFL Guarantor. 
The SRR consists of five stabilisation options and two special insolvency procedures (bank 
administration and bank insolvency). The stabilisation options provide for: (i) private sector transfer of 
all or part of the business of the relevant entity; (ii) transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant 
entity to a bridge bank wholly owned by the Bank of England; (iii) transfer of all or part of the business 
of the relevant entity to an asset management vehicle owned and controlled by the Bank of England; (iv) 
writing down certain claims of unsecured creditors of the relevant entity and/or converting certain 
unsecured debt claims to equity, (the "bail-in option"), which equity could also be subject to any future 
cancellation, transfer or dilution; and (v) temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of 
the relevant entity or its UK holding company. In each case, the Authorities have wide powers under the 
Banking Act including powers to modify contractual arrangements in certain circumstances and powers 
for HM Treasury to disapply or modify laws (with possible retroactive effect) to enable the stabilisation 
powers under the Banking Act to be used effectively. 
The SRR may be triggered prior to insolvency of the Guarantor 
The purpose of the stabilisation options is to address the situation where all or part of a business of a 
relevant entity has encountered, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties, giving rise to wider public 
interest concerns. Accordingly, the relevant stabilisation options may be exercised if (a) the relevant 
Authority is satisfied that a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail; (b) following consultation with the 
other Authorities, the relevant Authority determines that it is not reasonably likely that (ignoring the 
stabilising options) action will be taken that will result in the condition referred to in (a) ceasing to be 
met; and (c) the Authorities consider the exercise of the stabilisation options to be necessary, having 
regard to the public interest considerations (such as the stability of the UK financial system, public 
confidence in the UK banking system and the protection of depositors ).  It is therefore possible that one 
of the stabilisation options could be exercised prior to the point at which any insolvency proceedings 
with respect to the relevant entity could be initiated. 
The terms of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee may be modified without the consent of the Noteholders 
If the stabilisation options were exercised under the SRR in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor, HM 
Treasury or the Bank of England may exercise extensive powers, including share transfer powers 
(applying to a wide range of securities), property transfer powers (including powers for partial transfers 
of property, rights and liabilities subject to certain protections in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor) and 
resolution instrument powers (including powers to make special bail-in provisions).  Exercise of these 
powers could involve taking various actions in relation to the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee without the

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
 
45 
 
consent of the Noteholders, including (among other things) modifying or disapplying the terms of the 
Guarantee.  
The taking of any such actions could adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their 
investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the CGMFL Guarantor to satisfy its obligations under the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee.  In such circumstances, Noteholders may have a claim for compensation 
under one of the compensation schemes existing under, or contemplated by, the Banking Act, but there 
can be no assurance that Noteholders would thereby recover compensation promptly or equal to any loss 
actually incurred. 
A partial transfer of the CGMFL Guarantor's business may result in a deterioration of its 
creditworthiness 
If the CGMFL Guarantor were made subject to the SRR and a partial transfer of its business to another 
entity were effected, the quality of the assets and the quantum of the liabilities not transferred and 
remaining with the CGMFL Guarantor (which may include the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee) will result 
in a deterioration in the creditworthiness of the CGMFL Guarantor and, as a result, increase the risk that 
it will be unable to meet its obligations in respect of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and/or eventually 
become subject to administration proceedings pursuant to the Banking Act.  In such circumstances, 
Noteholders may have a claim for compensation under one of the compensation schemes existing under, 
or contemplated by, the Banking Act, but there can be no assurance that Noteholders would thereby 
recover compensation promptly or equal to any loss actually incurred. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Authorities have not made an instrument or order 
under the Banking Act in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor and there has been no indication that they 
will make any such instrument or order.  However, there can be no assurance that this will not change 
and/or that Noteholders will not be adversely affected by any such order or instrument if made. 
Anti-tax avoidance directives 
Directive 2016/1164/EU, the so-called anti-tax avoidance directive ("ATAD"), was adopted on 12 July 
2016 to implement in the EU Member States' domestic legal frameworks common measures to tackle tax 
avoidance practices. ATAD lays down (i) controlled foreign company rules, (ii) anti-hybrid mismatches 
within the EU context rules, (iii) general interest limitation rules, (iv) a general anti-abuse rule, and (v) 
exit taxation rules. Following the adoption of ATAD, the EU Member States decided to go further as 
regards hybrid-mismatches with third countries, and adopted the Directive 2017/952/EU ("ATAD 2") 
amending the ATAD provisions with respect to anti-hybrid mismatches, on 29 May 2017. Luxembourg 
adopted (i) the Law of 21 December 2018 implementing ATAD with effect as of 1 January 2019 and (ii) 
the Law of 20 December 2019 implementing ATAD 2 with effect as of 1 January 2020 (except for the 
reverse hybrid mismatch rules, which have applied since 1 January 2022). These rules could increase the 
taxable base of the Notes issued by CGMFL and/or reduce amounts available for distribution to 
Noteholders. 
RISKS RELATING TO NOTES GENERALLY 
An investment in Notes involves risks (as further described in the paragraphs below) and should only be 
made after assessing the direction, timing and magnitude of potential future market changes (e.g. in the 
value of the inflation indices, currencies or other items which comprise or relate to the Underlying(s)), 
as well as the terms and conditions of the Notes. More than one risk factor may have simultaneous effects 
with regard to the Notes such that the effect of a particular risk factor may not be predictable. In addition, 
more than one risk factor may have a compounding effect, which may not be predictable.

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
 
46 
 
Potential loss of some or all of the investment 
You should be prepared to sustain a total or partial loss of the purchase price of your Notes.  
Other than any Notes having a scheduled minimum redemption value, Notes purchased may be worthless 
on redemption. In addition, the Notes will only redeem at an amount equivalent to at least the issue price 
if the applicable Issue Terms provide that the Redemption Amount at maturity is an amount equivalent 
to at least such amount. If the Notes provide that the Redemption Amount may be less than the issue 
price, such Notes may be redeemed at an amount less than such price. If the Notes are redeemed at less 
than the issue price or the Notes are cancelled or repaid early in accordance with their terms, the amount 
received by you, as a holder of such Notes, may be less than your initial investment.  
Furthermore, the Notes may be traded in the secondary market or redeemed early, and if so, the price for 
which a Note may be sold or redeemed early may be less than the principal amount of such Note and/or 
your initial investment in such Notes. 
For Notes which are linked to Underlying(s), in order to recover and realise a return upon your 
investment, you must generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated 
change in the value of the relevant Underlying(s). Assuming all other factors are held constant, the more 
a Note is "out-of-the-money" and the shorter its remaining term to maturity, the greater the risk that you 
will lose all or part of your investment. The only means through which you can realise value from a Note 
prior to the maturity date in relation to such Note is to sell it at its then market price in an available 
secondary market (if any). Fluctuations in the value or the yield (if applicable) of or the relevant rates of 
exchange (if applicable) in relation to the relevant Underlying(s) will affect the value of the relevant 
Notes. You risk losing your entire investment if the value of the relevant Underlying(s) does not move 
in the anticipated direction.  
Further, you may receive no interest during the term of the Notes. 
Notes are unsecured obligations and subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and/or Guarantor 
All Notes will be unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and all Notes issued by it will 
rank equally among themselves and with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. The obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee will be unsecured 
and unsubordinated and will rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor. The obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor under the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee will be unsecured and unsubordinated and will rank pari passu with all other outstanding 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor. See General Condition 3 (Status). 
The Issuer's obligations under the Notes issued by it, the CGMHI Guarantor's obligations under the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Guarantor's obligations under the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee represent general contractual obligations of each respective entity and of no other person. 
Only Notes issued by CGMHI will be guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor. Only Notes issued by 
CGMFL will be guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor. Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. will not be 
guaranteed by any entity. 
Accordingly, all payments under the Notes are subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and, where the Issuer 
is CGMHI, of the CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, of the CGMFL Guarantor. 
Noteholders will not have recourse to any secured assets of the Issuer and, where the Issuer is CGMHI, 
the CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor in the event that the Issuer 
or the relevant Guarantor is unable to meet its obligations under the Notes, including e.g. in the event of 
an insolvency, and therefore risk losing some or all of their investment.

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
 
47 
 
A sale of Notes prior to their scheduled redemption may result in a loss to the investor 
The value of Notes prior to their scheduled redemption varies as the price or level of the Underlying(s) 
varies, as well as due to a number of other interrelated factors, including (i) the trading price of the 
relevant Notes, (ii) the value and volatility of the Underlying(s), (iii) the remaining tenor, (iv) the 
Redemption Amount, (v) any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields if applicable, (vi) 
any change(s) in currency exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity of the Underlying(s) 
and (viii) any related transaction costs. 
Depending on the above factors (e.g. if movements in the price or level of the Underlying(s) reduce the 
probable range of any Redemption Amounts), a sale of Notes prior to their scheduled redemption may 
be at a substantial discount from the original purchase price and you may lose some or all of your 
investment. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market value of any Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount or 
issue or offer price tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such Notes, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. Such price volatility could lead to a greater loss than otherwise on any sale of the 
Note prior to its scheduled redemption or an inability to sell the Note in the secondary markets. 
Impact of fees, commissions and/or inducements on the Issue Price and/or offer price 
The issue price and/or offer price of Notes may include fees and/or other commissions and inducements 
(e.g. placement fees, distribution fees, structuring fees). Any such fees and/or other commissions and 
inducements will not be taken into account for the purposes of determining the price of such Notes in the 
secondary market and will result in a difference between the Issue Price and/or offer price of the Notes 
and the bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. Any such difference will 
result in a decrease in the value of an issue of Notes and consequently a loss to the investor, particularly 
in relation to any such Notes sold immediately following the issue date or offer period relating to such 
Notes. 
The secondary market 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop, so investors 
should be prepared to hold their Notes until maturity. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid 
and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets and you may not be able to find a timely and/or 
suitable purchaser. If it is possible to sell Notes, they would be sold for the prevailing bid price in the 
market and may be subject to a transaction fee. The prevailing bid price may be affected by several 
factors including the performance of any relevant Underlying, prevailing interest rates at the time of sale, 
the time remaining to the stated maturity date, the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer 
is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and 
factors affecting the capital markets generally. The introduction of additional or competing products in 
the market may also have a negative effect on the price of any Notes.  
Consequently, you may not be able to sell your Notes easily or at all or at prices that will provide you 
with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market or at prices equal 
to or higher than your initial investment and in fact any such price may be substantially less than the 
original purchase price. Therefore, in establishing your investment strategy, you should ensure that the 
term of the Notes is in line with your future liquidity requirements. This is particularly the case should

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
 
48 
 
the relevant Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a 
substantial discount to their principal amount or issue or offer price or for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. 
These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility 
than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of 
Notes. The liquidity of Notes is also influenced by the type of investor to whom such Notes are sold. To 
the extent that an issue of Notes is or becomes illiquid, you may have to hold the relevant Notes until 
maturity before you are able to realise value. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list an issue of Notes on a stock exchange or regulated market. If 
Notes are not listed or traded on any stock exchange or regulated market, pricing information for the 
relevant Notes may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
If Notes are not listed or traded on a stock exchange or regulated market, they may be traded on trading 
systems governed by the laws and regulations in force from time to time (e.g. multilateral trading systems 
or "MTFs") or in other trading systems (e.g. bilateral systems or equivalent trading systems). In the event 
that trading in such Notes takes place outside any such stock exchange, regulated market or trading 
systems, the manner in which the price of such Notes is determined may be less transparent and the 
liquidity of such Notes may be adversely affected. You should note that none of the Issuer, (if applicable) 
the Guarantor and any Dealer grants any warranty to Noteholders as to the methodologies used to 
determine the price of Notes which are traded outside a trading system. However, where the Issuer or 
any of its affiliates determines the price of such Notes, it will take into account the market parameters 
applicable at such time in accordance with applicable provisions of law. Even if Notes are listed and/or 
admitted to trading, this will not necessarily result in greater liquidity. 
Each of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any Dealer may, but is not obliged to, at any time 
purchase Notes at any price in the open market or by tender or private agreement. Any Notes so purchased 
may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. If such Notes are surrendered for cancellation, then 
the number of Notes outstanding will decrease, which will reduce liquidity for the outstanding Notes. 
Any such activities may have an adverse effect on the price of the relevant Notes in the secondary market 
and/or the existence of a secondary market. 
Any of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor or any Dealer or affiliate of any such entity, as, where 
applicable, part of its activities as a broker and dealer in fixed income and equity securities and related 
products or otherwise, may make a secondary market in relation to any Notes and may provide an 
indicative bid price on a daily basis. Any indicative prices so provided shall be determined by the relevant 
party in its sole discretion taking into account prevailing market conditions and shall not be a 
representation by such party that any Notes can be purchased or sold at such prices (or at all) and any of 
the parties specified above may suspend or terminate making a market and providing indicative prices 
without notice, at any time and for any reason. In these circumstances, there may be no market for the 
relevant Notes and you should not assume that such a market will exist. Accordingly you must be 
prepared to hold the Notes until the maturity date, and may not be able to sell them prior to such date or, 
if you can, you may only be able to do so for a loss. 
Change of law (including applicable tax law) or tax practice 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on relevant laws in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
such laws or administrative practices after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
 
49 
 
In addition any relevant tax law, regulations or practice applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and/or the date of purchase or subscription of any Notes may change at any time (including during any 
subscription period or the term of any Notes) and it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment 
which will apply to the Notes at any given time. Any such change may have an adverse effect on you 
including that your Notes may be redeemed before their due date, their liquidity may decrease and/or the 
tax treatment of amounts payable or receivable by or to you may be less favourable than otherwise 
expected by you. 
Risks related to implementation of regulatory reform 
Implementation of U.S. federal financial reform legislation may affect the value of Underlying(s) and 
the ability to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Notes. This may in turn affect the market value, 
trading price and volatility of, and return on, the Notes. This is because the amounts received and/or 
value of assets deliverable under the Notes will depend on (among other things) the performance of any 
such Underlying(s) and the Notes may be subject to early redemption as a result of events related to 
hedging arrangements. In addition, amounts and/or assets due under the Notes may be reduced to reflect 
costs related to hedging arrangements.  
For example, the Dodd-Frank Act would, upon full implementation, impose limits on the maximum 
position that could be held by a single dealer in certain of the Underlying(s) and may subject certain 
transactions to new forms of regulation that could create barriers and increase costs in relation to some 
types of hedging activity by the Issuer and/or any Hedging Party or any of their respective affiliates. 
Other provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act could require certain Underlying(s) or hedging transactions to 
be cleared, traded on a regulated exchange and reported to regulators, central data repositories and, in 
some cases, the public, which may also affect their value, viability and cost. The Dodd-Frank Act also 
expands entity registration requirements and imposes business conduct requirements on persons active 
in the swaps market (which may include new capital and margin requirements), which may affect the 
value of relevant Underlying(s) or value and/or cost of hedging transactions. Such regulation may 
consequently affect the market value, trading price and viability of, and return on, the Notes. 
Changes in exchange rates and exchange controls could result in a loss of the value of the Notes and 
payments in respect thereof in relation to the currency of your jurisdiction  
An investment in Notes denominated in a Settlement Currency and/or payable in a currency other than 
the currency of your jurisdiction ("your currency") entails significant risks that are not associated with 
a similar investment in a security denominated in your currency. These risks include, but are not limited 
to: 
• 
the possibility of significant market changes in rates of exchange between your currency and 
the Settlement Currency and/or payment currency; 
• 
the possibility of significant changes in rates of exchange between your currency and the 
Settlement Currency and/or payment currency resulting from the official redenomination or 
revaluation of the Settlement Currency and/or payment currency; and 
• 
the possibility of the imposition or modification of foreign exchange controls by either your 
jurisdiction or foreign governments. 
These risks generally depend on factors over which none of the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor 
has any control and which cannot be readily foreseen, such as economic and political events and the 
supply of, and demand for, the relevant currencies.

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
 
50 
 
In recent years, rates of exchange between some foreign currencies in which the Notes may be 
denominated and/or payable have been volatile. This volatility may be expected in the future. 
Fluctuations that have occurred in any particular exchange rate in the past are not necessarily indicative, 
however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the term of any Note.  Depreciation of the 
Settlement Currency and/or payment currency of a Note against your currency would result in a decrease 
in the effective yield of such Note below its coupon rate (if applicable) and could result in a substantial 
loss to you in terms of your currency. 
Governments and monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, 
exchange controls that could affect applicable exchange rates as well as the availability of a Settlement 
Currency and/or payment currency at the time of payment of any amounts on any Note. There can be no 
assurance that exchange controls will not restrict or prohibit payments under the Notes which are 
denominated in any such Settlement Currency and/or payment currency. 
Even if there are no actual exchange controls, it is possible that a Settlement Currency and/or payment 
currency would not be available to the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor 
and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor when payments on a Note are due because 
of circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor. Any such restriction, prohibition or unavailability of the relevant currency may negatively 
affect the value of and return on the Notes, and could result in a substantial loss to you. 
The above risks may be increased if any Settlement Currency and/or payment currency and/or your 
currency is the currency of an emerging market jurisdiction. 
The unavailability of currencies could result in a loss of value of the Notes and payments thereunder 
The currency in which payments on a Note are required to be made may be redenominated, for example, 
because such currency is: 
• 
unavailable due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the 
Issuer's and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or, where the Issuer 
is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor's control; 
• 
no longer used by the government of the country issuing the currency; or 
• 
no longer used for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of the international 
banking community. 
Where the currency in which payments in respect of a Note is officially redenominated, other than as a 
result of Economic and Monetary Union, such as by an official redenomination of any such currency that 
is a composite currency, then the payment obligations of the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, 
the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor on such Note 
immediately following the redenomination will be the amount of redenominated currency that represents 
the amount of the Issuer's and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or, where the 
Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor's obligations immediately before the redenomination.  
The Notes will not provide for any adjustment to any amount payable as a result of: 
• 
any change in the value of the Settlement Currency and/or payment currency of those Notes 
relative to any other currency due solely to fluctuations in exchange rates; or

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
 
51 
 
• 
any redenomination of any component currency of any composite currency, unless that 
composite currency is itself officially redenominated. 
Accordingly, a currency redenomination may result in a material adverse loss of the value of and return 
on the Notes. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
Notes other than French Law Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters which may have a general or specific effect upon your interests. Matters decided at such 
meetings may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Notes, and further, the 
vote of a defined majority may be binding on all Noteholders, including those Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting, and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Issuer and, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor may make, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, any modification to the Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant 
Swedish Agency Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the relevant 
Deed of Covenant, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee which (i) in 
the opinion of the Issuer, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law. In determining what is "materially prejudicial", the Issuer shall not 
consider the individual circumstances of any Noteholder or the tax or other consequences of such 
modification in any jurisdiction. Any such amendment to the Notes could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on the Notes or, without limitation, a Noteholder's tax, regulatory or accounting 
treatment of such Notes. 
French Law Notes 
In the case of French Law Notes, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes can only be amended if there is 
a quorate meeting of the Noteholders in accordance with Article L.225-98 of the French Code de 
Commerce. The positive vote of two-thirds or more of such Noteholders present or represented will bind 
the remaining Noteholders in accordance with Article L. 228-65-II of the French Code de Commerce. 
In respect of French Law Notes which have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR100,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or which can be traded in amounts of at least 
EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), the Issuer may amend the 
Conditions of the Notes without the consent of the Noteholders to correct a manifest error. 
See further General Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Determinations and 
Rounding). 
Certain considerations relating to public offers of Notes in the EEA 
As described in the applicable Final Terms, Notes that are not Exempt Notes may be distributed by means 
of a public offer made in the specified Member State(s) of the EEA during an offer period specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. During such offer period, the Issuer and/or any other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms may reserve the right to cancel such offer and/or to scale back applications for 
such offer in the event of over-subscription or such other circumstances as are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In such circumstances, an applicant investor may not be issued any Notes or may be issued

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
 
52 
 
a number of Notes which is less than the amount for which such applicant investor applied. Any payments 
made by an applicant investor or, in the case of public offers in Italy any amount segregated by a 
distributor as intended payment of the offer price by an applicant investor, for Notes that are not issued 
to such applicant investor for any such reason will be refunded. However, there will be a time lag in 
making any reimbursement, no interest or compensation will be payable in respect of any such amounts 
and the applicant investor may be subject to reinvestment risk.  
In addition, the Issuer and/or the other entities specified in the applicable Final Terms may terminate the 
offer early by immediate suspension of the acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving 
notice to the public in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. Any such termination may occur, 
even where the maximum amount for subscription in relation to that offer (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), has not been reached and, in such circumstances, the early closing of the offer may have 
an impact on the aggregate number of Notes issued. This may in turn have an adverse effect on the 
liquidity of the relevant Notes, with the result that you may not be able to sell the Notes prior to the 
maturity date or, if you can, that you may only be able to do so for a loss.  
Further, you should note that, in certain circumstances, Notes may not be issued on the originally 
designated issue date, for example because either the Issuer and/or any other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms has reserved the right to postpone such issue date or, following the publication 
of a supplement to this Base Prospectus the Issuer has decided to postpone such issue date to allow 
investors who had made applications to subscribe for Notes before the date of publication of such 
Supplement to exercise their right to withdraw their acceptances. In the event that the issue date is so 
delayed, no interest shall accrue (if applicable) until the issue date of the Notes and no compensation 
shall be payable. 
Certain risks relating to public offers of the Notes in Italy 
You should note that the applicable Final Terms may also provide that the effectiveness of an offer of 
Notes in the Republic of Italy will be conditional upon admission to listing (in the case of a regulated 
market) or to trading (in the case of a multilateral trading facility) occurring by the issue date. In such 
case, in the event that such admission to listing or, as the case may be, trading of the Notes does not take 
place by the issue date for whatever reason, the Issuer will withdraw the offer, the offer will be deemed 
to be null and void and the relevant Notes will not be issued. As a consequence, you will not receive any 
Notes, any subscription rights you have for the Notes will be cancelled and you will not be entitled to 
any compensation therefor. 
If the Notes are distributed by means of a public offer, under certain circumstances indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer and/or the other entities indicated in the applicable Final Terms will 
have the right to withdraw or revoke the offer, and the offer will be deemed to be null and void according 
to the terms indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer and/or the other entities specified in the applicable Final Terms may terminate the offer 
early by immediate suspension of the acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving notice to 
the public in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. Any such termination may occur even where 
the maximum amount for subscription in relation to that offer (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
has not been reached. In such circumstances, the early closing of the offer may have an impact on the 
aggregate number of Notes issued and, therefore, may have an adverse effect on the liquidity of the 
Notes. Furthermore, in such circumstances, investors who have already paid or delivered subscription 
monies for the relevant Notes will be entitled to reimbursement of such amounts, but will not receive any 
remuneration that may have accrued in the period between their payment or delivery of subscription 
monies and the reimbursement of the Notes.

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
 
53 
 
The relevant Final Terms may also provide that the effectiveness of the offer of Notes is conditional upon 
admission to trading on the relevant multilateral trading facility indicated in the relevant Final Terms, 
occurring by the Issue Date. In such case, in the event that admission to trading of the Notes does not 
take place by the Issue Date for whatever reason, the Issuer may withdraw the offer, the offer will be 
deemed to be null and void and the relevant Notes will not be issued. As a consequence, the potential 
investor will not receive any Notes, any subscription rights the potential investor has for the Notes will 
be cancelled and they will not be entitled to any compensation therefor. 
Furthermore, under certain circumstances, the Issuer and/or the other entities indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms will have the right to extend the offer period and/or to postpone the originally designated 
issue date, and related interest payment dates. 
The issue price and/or offer price of the Notes may include subscription fees, placement fees, direction 
fees, structuring fees and/or other additional costs.  Any such fees and/or costs may not be taken into 
account for the purposes of determining the price of such Notes on the secondary market and could result 
in a difference between the original issue price and/or offer price, the theoretical value of the Notes, 
and/or the actual bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market.  Any such 
difference may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes, particularly immediately following the 
offer and the issue date relating to such Notes, where any such fees and/or costs may be deducted from 
the price at which such Notes can be sold by the initial investor in the secondary market. 
Determinations and potential conflicts of interest 
The terms of the Notes confer on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and certain other persons some 
discretion in making judgements, determinations and calculations in relation to the Notes including, inter 
alia, Underlying(s) and the occurrence of various events. The Issuer, the Calculation Agent or such other 
persons will act in good faith and in its sole and absolute discretion or in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), but there can be no assurance that the 
exercise of any such discretion will not affect the value of the Notes or result in the occurrence of an 
early repayment at an amount less than an investor's initial investment. 
Where the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts of interest may exist between 
the Calculation Agent and Noteholders, including with respect to such judgements, determinations and 
calculations that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Notes that may influence the amount 
receivable or specified assets deliverable in respect of the Notes. 
Any third parties or entities which are not subject to regulation under the laws of the United States, the 
EEA or the United Kingdom may be the sponsor of an Underlying and may publish values or prices or 
other projections of creditworthiness in respect of an Underlying. Any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates may also from time to 
time engage in transactions involving Underlying(s) for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts 
under their management, subject to requirements of all applicable laws and regulations. Any of Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or their affiliates may also 
issue other derivative instruments in respect of any Underlying(s). These activities may have a negative 
effect on the value of the relevant Underlying(s) and consequently upon the value of the Notes. 
Any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Dealer 
and/or any of their affiliates may at the date of this Base Prospectus or at any time hereafter be in 
possession of information in relation to an Underlying that is or may be material and may or may not be 
publicly available to Noteholders. There is no obligation on any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, or any Dealer to disclose to any potential investors in Notes 
or to Noteholders any such information.

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
 
54 
 
Where Notes are offered to the public, as the relevant Dealer(s) and any distributors act pursuant to a 
mandate granted by the Issuer and they receive fees on the basis of the services performed and the 
outcome of the placement of such Notes, potential conflicts of interest could arise. 
Substitution of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor 
In relation to Notes issued by CGMFL, where "Substitution provisions" are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor may, at any time, without the consent of the 
holders, but subject to certain conditions, substitute for itself another company. 
Depending on whether "Additional Requirements" are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, amongst other conditions, the substitute company, on the date of such substitution, must 
either (i) be, in the opinion of CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, of at least 
equivalent standing and creditworthiness to it, or (ii) unless CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor 
unconditionally guarantees the fulfilment of the obligations of the substitute company, demonstrate a 
long term credit rating from at least one internationally recognised credit rating agency active in the 
international capital markets (including but not limited to Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors Service 
and Fitch Ratings) which is at least as high as CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor (as the case may be) 
being substituted. 
Any such substitution could have a material adverse impact on the rights of Noteholders, the value of 
and return on the Notes issued by CGMFL and/or performance under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. 
See further General Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor). 
Realisation Disruption 
if "Realisation Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a Realisation 
Disruption Event occurs (being, in summary, either (i) an event which imposes restrictions or taxes, 
charges or deductions in respect of the Notes and/or on hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes 
which would materially restrict, or materially increase the cost of, the Issuer's obligations under the Notes 
or materially restrict, or materially increase the cost of, any Hedging Party's obligations under any such 
hedging arrangements, or (ii) the occurrence or existence of any event which either materially restricts 
the exchange, delivery or transfer of the currency of payment of the Notes or of any hedging 
arrangements in respect of the Notes or restricts the determination of any exchange rate in relation to any 
such currency), then either (a) the terms and conditions of the Notes (including any payment or delivery 
obligations) may be adjusted in order to reflect the economic effect of the particular Realisation 
Disruption Event or (b) the Issuer may redeem the Notes.  
Any such adjustments by the Calculation Agent may include (but are not limited to): (i) payments under 
the Notes being made in a different currency to the previously specified payment currency of the Notes; 
(ii) deduction of applicable taxes, charges or deductions from payments due in respect of the Notes 
resulting in reduced amounts paid in respect of the Notes; (iii) delay of payments or deliveries in respect 
of the Notes until the relevant restrictions are lifted; (iv) determination of relevant exchange rates by the 
Calculation Agent taking into consideration all available information that it deems relevant, which may 
result in a different rate to that which would have applied had the Realisation Disruption Event not 
occurred; and (v) (where legally permissible) in lieu of paying any cash amounts in respect of the Notes, 
procuring the physical delivery of any Underlying(s) (or vice versa). Any of the above adjustments could 
produce a materially different redemption to that originally anticipated in respect of the Notes and could 
have a material adverse impact on the value of and return on the Notes.

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors 
 
55 
 
If the Notes are redeemed early pursuant to (b) of the first paragraph above, the Issuer will pay to you, 
as a holder of such Notes, an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
See further Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(i) (Realisation Disruption Event). 
Obligor Regulatory Event 
If "Obligor Regulatory Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and an Obligor 
Regulatory Event occurs (being, in summary, a change in law after the Trade Date which results in the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor (i) becoming subject to less favourable capital adequacy treatment, (ii) 
suffering any increased costs in connection with the Notes, including any costs associated with hedging 
the Notes or costs in maintaining any applicable capital reserves in respect of the Notes or (iii) being 
materially restricted from performing any of its obligations under the Notes and/or the relevant Deed of 
Guarantee, as applicable), the relevant Notes may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and 
conditions of such Notes. 
If the Notes are so redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Notes, an amount 
calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms or such other amount 
as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than 
your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event 
An "Underlying RMB Currency Event" refers to the occurrence of an Underlying RMB Inconvertibility, 
Underlying RMB Non-Transferability or Underlying RMB Illiquidity (each, as defined in the General 
Conditions. If Underlying RMB Currency Event is applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if such 
event occurs, the Calculation Agent may direct the Issuer to exercise its option to (i) postpone any 
payment in RMB due under the Notes to a later date (being 10 Business Days following the date on 
which such Underlying RMB Currency Event ceases to exist) or (ii) replace the Issuer's obligation to pay 
in RMB by an obligation to pay such amount in the RMB Relevant Currency converted using the RMB 
Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Determination Date. Alternatively, the Issuer may early redeem each 
Note at its Early Redemption Amount. 
In case of (i) or (ii), investors may receive a late payment or, depending on the conversion rate that is 
applied, a payment less than the anticipated amount(s) due in respect of the Notes. If the Notes are early 
redeemed pursuant to (ii), the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Notes, an amount calculated in 
accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms or such other amount as is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial 
investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
See further General Condition 6(i) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event). 
Illegality in relation to Notes 
If "Early Redemption for Illegality" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and 
the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under an issue of Notes or, where the Issuer 
is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor determines that the performance of its obligations under the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee in respect of such Notes or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor 
determines that the performance of its obligations under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in respect of 
such Notes has become illegal in whole or in part for any reason, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors 
 
56 
 
and, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, will pay to you, as a holder of such Notes, an amount 
calculated, notwithstanding such illegality, in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms or such other amount as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount repaid to 
you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
Section 871(m) Event 
In circumstances that constitute a "Section 871(m) Event" (being the occurrence at any time of 
circumstances in which the Issuer, and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI or CGMFL, the relevant Guarantor 
and/or any Hedging Party is (or, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable 
likelihood that, within the next 30 Business Days, the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI or 
CGMFL, the relevant Guarantor and/or any Hedging Party will become) subject to any withholding or 
reporting obligations pursuant to Section 871(m) (as defined in "Risks relating to the United States Tax 
Treatment of the Notes") with respect to the relevant Notes and/or the relevant Deed(s) of Guarantee 
and/or (unless "Section 871(m) Event (Hedging Positions)" is not applicable) any underlying Hedging 
Positions), if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an Early Redemption Event will 
occur, in which case, the relevant Notes may be early redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and 
conditions of such Notes. 
If the Notes are so redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Notes, an amount 
calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or such other amount 
as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than 
your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events for Notes other than Underlying Linked Notes 
In respect of certain Notes which are not Underlying Linked Notes, certain Adjustment Events and Early 
Redemption Events may be specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
For such Notes, if the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs (being, in each 
case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying hedging 
position in relation to the Notes (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any hedging position 
becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially increasing the Issuer's 
costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Notes or (b) a disruption in the hedging 
arrangements relating to the Notes or (c) an increased cost in relation to the hedging arrangements 
relating to the Notes (an "Increased Cost of Hedging"), then the Calculation Agent shall make such 
adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the 
effect of such Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to 
pass on to Noteholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any 
amounts payable in respect of the Notes to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustment(s) may 
have an adverse effect on the value of such Notes and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment(s) can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event may be an Early Redemption Event if 
specified to be applicable in respect of the relevant event in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, if applicable, circumstances where the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably be made following an Adjustment Event), the Notes 
may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes. If the Notes are 
redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each Noteholder an amount calculated in accordance with the 
method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount 
repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a 
loss.

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors 
 
57 
 
Risks relating to the United States Tax Treatment of the Notes 
The United States Tax Treatment of Certain Notes is Unclear 
For U.S. federal tax purposes, the proper treatment and characterisation of certain Notes (generally, Notes 
that do not provide for the return at maturity of a holder's investment and Credit Linked Notes) are 
unclear. As a result, the timing and character of income on such a Note are uncertain, and for a non-U.S. 
investor there is a risk that payments on such a Note may be subject to withholding tax. 
Non-U.S. investors in Notes issued by a U.S. Issuer (as defined under "Section G.8—Taxation of Notes" 
in this Base Prospectus) should be aware that persons having withholding responsibility in respect of 
those Notes may withhold on any periodic payment paid to a non-U.S. investor, generally at a rate of 30 
per cent. To the extent that a U.S. Issuer (or any of its affiliates) has withholding responsibility in respect 
of such Notes that are not treated as debt obligations for U.S. federal tax purposes, it intends to so 
withhold. If withholding tax applies to a payment on such a Note, the Issuer will not be required to pay 
additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld, and you may therefore receive a substantially reduced 
return on the Notes as compared to the return you would receive in the absence of such withholding. 
The U.S. Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") have requested comments 
on various issues regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of "prepaid forward contracts" and 
similar financial instruments and have indicated that such transactions may be the subject of future 
regulations or other guidance. In addition, members of Congress have proposed legislative changes to 
the tax treatment of derivative contracts. Any legislation, Treasury regulations or other guidance 
promulgated after consideration of these issues could materially and adversely affect the tax 
consequences of an investment in the Notes, possibly with retroactive effect. 
Possible Taxable Event for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes 
Certain modifications to the terms of the Notes could be treated as "significant modifications" of the 
Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in which case the Notes would generally be treated, in whole 
or part, as retired and reissued. Significant modifications could include a designation by the Issuer of a 
Substitute for itself, a Restructure Rate Acceptance under the terms of a Restructure Interest Rate Note 
(as defined under "Section H, Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 (Restructure Interest Rate Notes" 
in this Base Prospectus), certain modifications to the Reference Item with respect to a Note and the 
designation of a substitute or successor rate. 
The U.S. federal tax treatment of a Note after a significant modification could differ from its treatment 
prior to the significant modification. A changed treatment of the Notes could have possible withholding 
tax consequences to Non-U.S. Holders (as defined under "Section G.8—Taxation of Notes" in this Base 
Prospectus). Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the risk of such an event. 
Possible U.S. Federal Withholding Tax under Section 871(m)  
Section 871(m) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder ("Section 871(m)") impose a 30 per cent. (or lower treaty 
rate) withholding tax on certain "dividend equivalents" paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. Holders with 
respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equities. This 
withholding regime generally applies to Notes that substantially replicate the economic performance of 
one or more underlying U.S. equities, as determined based on one of two tests set forth in the regulations. 
However, based on an IRS notice, Notes issued prior to 2027 will generally be subject to withholding 
tax only if they have a "delta" of one with respect to the relevant underlying U.S. equity. The regulations 
provide certain other exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors 
 
58 
 
broad-based indices that meet requirements set forth in the regulations as well as instruments linked to 
securities that track such indices. The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect 
of amounts withheld under Section 871(m). 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential application 
of Section 871(m) to a particular Note. 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Social Finance Bonds 
You should refer to the "Investment Considerations" section of this Base Prospectus for information 
relating to Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Social Finance Bonds and any relevant frameworks. 
Whilst it is the intention of the Group to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base 
Prospectus and/or the applicable Issue Terms, any relevant investment may not provide the results or 
outcome originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer or meet the goals of the relevant frameworks 
and/or it may not be possible for the Issuer or any of its affiliates to invest an amount equal to such net 
proceeds in accordance with any particular timing schedule relevant to you or the Notes. In addition, a 
relevant framework may be amended by the Group from time to time in a manner which may affect the 
value of relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds, as applicable. 
There is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a "green", "social", "inclusive", "sustainable", "affordable housing" or any equivalently-
labelled project or asset or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project or asset to be 
defined as "green", "social", "inclusive", "sustainable", "affordable housing" or any such other equivalent 
label. A clear definition or consensus may not develop or if market consensus is developed, such 
consensus may be different from the relevant framework or may significantly change over time which 
may affect the value of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds. Consequently, 
investments in businesses or projects described in the relevant framework agreements and any related 
opinions and/or reports may not meet your expectations, taxonomies or standards or other investment 
criteria or guidelines regarding such "green", "social", "inclusive", "sustainable", "affordable housing" 
or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or any binding or non-binding legal or other 
standards regarding any direct or indirect environmental impact (including any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by-laws or other governing rules, policies or investment mandates 
applicable to you) and there can be no assurance that adverse social, environmental and/or other impacts 
will not occur from such businesses or projects. You should have regard to any descriptions of the 
relevant projects and eligibility criteria in any applicable framework agreement and the applicable Issue 
Terms and determine for yourself the relevance of such information and such opinions and/or reports 
and whether all your applicable standards will be met. 
Any opinion, certification or report of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Group) that may 
be made available in connection with Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds (including 
with respect to whether any businesses or projects fulfil any green, social, inclusive, sustainability and/or 
other criteria) may be withdrawn, subject to amendment or may not be maintained. In addition, the 
provider of any such opinion, certification or report may not be subject to any specific oversight or 
regulatory regime. Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds may also be listed or admitted 
to trading on a dedicated "green", "environmental", "social", "inclusive", "sustainable", "affordable 
housing" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or 
not regulated), but you should be aware that the criteria for such listings or admission to trading may 
vary and may not meet your expectations and there is a risk that any such listing or admission to trading 
may not be maintained by the relevant Issuer or may be withdrawn. This may adversely affect the market

--- Page 59 ---
Risk Factors 
 
59 
 
value of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds with the effect that you may be unable 
to realise all or part of your investment. 
Failure by the relevant Issuer or any other relevant entity to allocate (or cause allocation of) an amount 
equal to the net proceeds as described in the relevant framework or provide reports, or the failure of any 
external assurance provider to opine on any relevant framework or on any report's conformity with the 
Group's sustainability strategy or the relevant framework or the withdrawal of any report or any 
certification that the Group is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion 
or certification is opining or certifying, as the case may be, will not constitute an event of default under 
or trigger any early redemption rights (whether by the relevant Issuer or any Noteholder). In addition and 
for the avoidance of doubt, the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance Bonds will 
not be segregated by the relevant Issuer or any other entity in the Group from its capital and other assets 
and there will be no direct or contractual link between any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Social Finance 
Bonds and any Eligible Green Assets, the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio, or Social Finance 
Assets, respectively. 
Any of the above factors (and any events that negatively affect the value of any other Notes of the Issuer 
that are intended to finance "green", "social", "inclusive", "sustainable", "affordable housing" or 
equivalently-labelled projects or assets) could have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes 
and investors may be unable to realise all or part of their investment. 
Risks relating to different governing laws in respect of certain Notes and guarantees 
French Law Notes have the benefit of an English law guarantee 
French Law Notes issued by CGMHI have the benefit of a guarantee of the CGMHI Guarantor pursuant 
to the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and French Law Notes issued by CGMFL have the benefit of a 
guarantee of the CGMFL Guarantor pursuant to the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and the All Monies 
Guarantee. French Law Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law and the Paris courts have 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the French Law Notes. 
However, each of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and the All Monies 
Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. In respect of the All Monies Guarantee, the 
English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute including a dispute relating to non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it. Accordingly, it is possible that Noteholders, 
wishing to enforce their rights in respect of French Law Notes, may need to bring claims under differing 
governing laws and/or in different jurisdictions against the Issuer and the relevant Guarantor and this, in 
turn, could prolong and/or increase the costs to be incurred in respect of any proceedings in relation to 
such claims and, potentially, affect the ultimate payout. 
Risks relating to inflation 
Inflation is the general increase in prices and fall in the purchasing value of money over time. Due to the 
impact of inflation, the same amount of money will buy fewer goods and services over time. 
The real return (or yield) on an investment in Notes will be reduced by inflation. Consequently, the higher 
the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on a security will be. If the inflation rate is equal to or greater 
than the yield under a security, the real yield a holder of such security will achieve will be zero or even 
negative. Accordingly, inflation may have a negative effect on the value of and return on the Notes, and 
you should consider the potential impact of inflation (including if the rate of inflation is anticipated to 
rise over the term of the Notes) before purchasing Notes.

--- Page 60 ---
Risk Factors 
 
60 
 
Relatedly, if the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes provide that some or all of the principal shall 
be repaid at maturity, such scheduled principal repayment will not provide any protection from the effect 
of inflation over time and it may still be the case that the return on such Notes adjusted for inflation could 
be negative. 
With regard to risks of Notes linked to one or more Inflation Indices, see "Risks associated with Notes 
linked to Inflation Indices". 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES LINKED TO RATES AND BENCHMARK REFORM 
The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Notes are linked will 
result in the application of certain fallback provisions 
In relation to any event or circumstance affecting an interest rate, the fallback provisions described in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments) (the "Hierarchy 
Provisions") will be applied in the order set out therein, in each case where applicable for the relevant 
interest rate and the event or circumstance. If the first applicable option shown does not apply to the 
relevant interest rate and the relevant event or circumstance then the next option which does should be 
applied. It is possible that, following the application of such fallback provisions, the relevant rate could 
be determined on a different day than originally intended and/or may be determined by the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in its discretion. There is a risk that the determination of 
the relevant interest rate in accordance with any of these fallback provisions may result in lower amounts 
payable to you under the Notes and a reduction in their market value. 
Any adjustments to the Conditions (including the determination of any spread or factor howsoever 
defined) which the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines are necessary 
or appropriate pursuant to the provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market) and may include, where applicable and without limitation: 
• 
technical, administrative or operational changes that the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent (as applicable) decides are appropriate; 
• 
the application of any adjustment factor or adjustment spread; and 
• 
(subject to compliance with applicable laws and/or regulatory guidance in the relevant 
jurisdiction) adjustments to reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the 
replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s). 
Such adjustments may also be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more 
effective dates, may but do not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate which is 
determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a "risk-free rate" and which, 
unless the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be the relevant rate in relation to the then 
current and all future determination days. 
Investors should refer to "Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of Fallback Provisions 
in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks" for an overview of how and when such fallback 
provisions apply.

--- Page 61 ---
Risk Factors 
 
61 
 
If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined in the Calculation Agent's or 
Determination Agent's discretion or by alternative methods 
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the Screen Rate Determination provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(1) apply, subject as provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) shall determine the relevant rate in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any 
alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market), which determination may be made by 
reference to quotations provided by third party banks.   
If the ISDA Determination provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(2) apply, subject as 
provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, if the relevant rate of interest cannot be determined by 
reference to the relevant ISDA Definitions (including the temporary cessation provisions set out in such 
ISDA Definitions, which may include reference bank quotations), then the rate of interest will be that 
determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market). 
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback Provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(3)(III) apply, subject as provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, the 
amount of interest payable on such Notes will be determined using (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate 
(for the purposes of this paragraph, the "Bank Rate") for such day plus the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA rate to the Bank Rate, or (b) if the Bank Rate is not available on such day, the SONIA rate 
published for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published. In 
respect of (a), there is no assurance that the characteristics of the Bank Rate and spread calculation will 
be similar to, or will produce the economic equivalent of, the SONIA rate upon which compounded daily 
SONIA is based. If the said rate and spread calculation provisions or alternative provisions for 
determining the SONIA rate in respect of a particular day become applicable, this could result in adverse 
consequences to the amount of interest payable on the Notes, which could adversely affect the return on, 
value of and market for the Notes. 
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(b)(i)(3)(III) or the SOFR Fallback Provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
5(b)(i)(4)(II) apply, subject as provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, the relevant SONIA 
Compounded Index value, or SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market).  
If the relevant rate is not published on the relevant page or by another authorised distributor, and is not 
otherwise provided by the relevant administrator and the €STR Fallback Provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(5)(II) or the SARON Fallback Provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(b)(i)(5)(II) apply, subject as provided in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, the relevant 
€STR value or SARON value, as applicable, shall be deemed to be the rate equal to the last provided or 
published level for such rate. 
As a result of any of the above, the return on your Notes may be lower than expected and/or the value of 
your Notes may be adversely affected and the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable)

--- Page 62 ---
Risk Factors 
 
62 
 
will have no responsibility to the Issuer or any third party as a result of having acted on any such 
quotations. 
Failure by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent and/or the Issuer to give notice 
Pursuant to the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions, 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) is required to notify the Issuer of certain 
determinations made in accordance with such provisions, and the Issuer is required to notify the 
Noteholders thereof or of certain elections to redeem the Notes. However, failure by the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) to so notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to so notify 
the Noteholders will not affect the validity of any such determination or election. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on Notes 
linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rate benchmarks play an important role in financial markets and it is therefore critical that 
benchmarks which are used extensively are robust and are based on active, liquid underlying markets. 
As a consequence, interest rates and indices or other figures which are deemed to be "benchmarks", have 
been the subject of recent national and international regulatory scrutiny. 
Regulatory authorities and central banks view the overnight risk-free rates as providing the most robust 
benchmark interest rate available and are therefore strongly encouraging the transition away from 
interbank offered rates.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation 
The EU Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") and the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) and regulations made thereunder (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation", and together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the "Benchmarks Regulations") are a 
key element of the ongoing regulatory reform in the EU and the UK and have applied since 1 January 
2018 and been subject to subsequent amendments.  
In addition to so-called "critical benchmarks", other interest rates, foreign exchange rates and certain 
indices, will in most cases be within scope of both versions of the Benchmarks Regulations as 
"benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, certain 
financial instruments (including (i) in the case of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, Notes traded on an EU 
regulated market or EU multilateral trading facility (MTF), and (ii) in the case of the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, Notes traded on a UK recognised investment exchange or a UK MTF, and in a number of 
other circumstances).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data 
to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime 
or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as 
CGML) of "benchmarks" provided by administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The UK Benchmarks Regulation contains most of the same provisions as the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, but has narrower geographical scope of application. The UK Benchmarks Regulation applies 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark

--- Page 63 ---
Risk Factors 
 
63 
 
within the UK. The onus of compliance with the UK Benchmarks Regulation rests on UK benchmark 
administrators and UK supervised entities. 
The ESMA maintains a public register of benchmark administrators and third country benchmarks 
pursuant to the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA Register"). Benchmark administrators which 
were authorised, registered or recognised by the FCA prior to 31 December 2020 were removed from 
the ESMA Register on 1 January 2021. From 1 January 2021 onwards, the FCA maintains a separate 
public register of benchmark administrators and non-UK benchmarks pursuant to the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation (the "UK Register"). The UK Register retains UK benchmark administrators which were 
authorised, registered or recognised by the FCA prior to 31 December 2020. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". For example: 
• 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
may not be used in certain ways by an EU supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional 
provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration from any EU 
competent authority (or, if a non-EU entity, does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and 
is not "recognised" pending an equivalence decision and the benchmark is not endorsed). If the 
benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such authorisation or 
registration or, if a non-EU entity, "equivalence" is not available and it is not recognised and 
the benchmark is not endorsed, then the Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity;  
• 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the UK Benchmarks Regulation 
may not be used in certain ways by a UK supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional 
provisions) its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration from the FCA (or, if a 
non-UK entity, does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" pending 
an equivalence decision and the benchmark is not endorsed). If the benchmark administrator 
does not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such authorisation or registration or, if a non-UK 
entity, "equivalence" is not available and it is not recognised and the benchmark is not endorsed, 
then the Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, and such changes could reduce or increase the rate or level or affect the volatility of 
the published rate or level, and (depending on the terms of the particular Notes) could lead to 
adjustments to the terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) deems necessary or appropriate. 
Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
the "benchmark" and/or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or 
any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark" and the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) may be 
entitled to make corresponding adjustments to the conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 64 ---
Risk Factors 
 
64 
 
Methodologies for calculating risk-free rates 
Risk-free rates are generally backwards-looking and are calculated on a compounded or weighted 
average basis. 
Interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is not determined until the end of 
the relevant interest calculation period. Therefore, you may be unable to reliably estimate in advance the 
amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, if such Notes become due and payable 
following an Event of Default, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment 
Date, where a separate amount in respect of accrued interest is payable, the final Interest Rate and/or 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period 
ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for 
redemption.  
Developing markets for SONIA, SOFR, €STR and SARON and potential impact on performance and 
returns 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of SONIA, SOFR, €STR and SARON as 
reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar, euro or Swiss franc bonds, respectively, 
and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market participants 
and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including 
term SONIA, SOFR and €STR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation 
of an average SONIA rate, SOFR or €STR over a designated term). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-
free rates issued under this Base Prospectus. Term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the 
market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term) have been published 
from January 2021 and term SOFR rates have also become available for use. It is possible that market 
participants may seek to apply such term rates for capital markets issuances, although UK authorities 
have made clear their preference for the market to adopt a broad-based transition to SONIA compounded 
in arrears for new transactions, with use of a term SONIA reference rate being more limited. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or other risk-
free rates that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or other risk-free rate referenced Notes issued by it under this Base 
Prospectus.  
The development of new risk-free rates could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus from time to time.  
The new risk free rates have only a limited trading market, and an established trading market may never 
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for Notes indexed to the new risk free rates may evolve 
over time, and may lead to impacts on trading prices and values, and such Notes may not be able to be 
sold or may not be able to be sold at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility 
and market risk. 
Similarly, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. You should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of

--- Page 65 ---
Risk Factors 
 
65 
 
such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which you may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
Interest on Notes linked to a Reference Rate will be calculated using a Replacement Reference Rate 
selected by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent if a Reference Rate Event occurs 
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
If the Reference Rate Event Provisions apply pursuant to the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, there is a 
risk that a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of a Reference Rate (for an overview of how the 
Reference Rate Event Provisions apply, see "Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of 
Fallback Provisions in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks" below). 
It is uncertain as to if or when a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of a Reference Rate and the 
circumstances which could trigger such an event are outside of the Issuer's control. Whether a Reference 
Rate Event has occurred will be determined by the Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent (as 
applicable), and any subsequent use of a replacement Reference Rate is likely to result in changes to the 
Conditions (which could be extensive) and/or interest or other payments under the Notes that are lower 
than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on such 
Notes if the relevant Reference Rate remained available in its current form. 
Subject to the Conditions, each holder of the Notes will bear the risks arising from any such change and 
will not be entitled to any form of compensation as a result of any such change. 
Determination of alternative benchmark and any Adjustment Spread 
If the Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that a Reference Rate 
Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate, it will:  
(A) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate;  
(B) 
calculate the adjustment, if any, to the Replacement Reference Rate that it determines is required 
in order to reduce any transfer of economic value from (i) the Issuer to the Noteholders or (ii) 
the Noteholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (an "Adjustment 
Spread");  
(C) 
determine such other amendments to the Notes which it considers are necessary and/or 
appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate 
with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread); and 
(D) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread and such 
other adjustments will become effective in relation to the relevant Notes. 
You should be aware that  
(I) 
the application of any Replacement Reference Rate (notwithstanding the inclusion of any 
Adjustment Spread), together with any consequential amendments (or, if applicable, any 
changes made following a material change), could result in a lower amount being payable than 
would otherwise have been the case;

--- Page 66 ---
Risk Factors 
 
66 
 
(II) 
more than one possible replacement rate may exist and, if so, it is possible that the Calculation 
Agent or the Determination Agent (as applicable) may select the least favourable replacement 
rate; 
(III) 
any such Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by any Adjustment Spread) and any 
consequential amendments (or, if applicable, any changes made following a material change) 
shall apply without requiring the consent of the holders of Notes; and  
(IV) 
if the Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that it is not 
possible or commercially reasonable to adjust the terms of the Notes to account for the effect of 
any Reference Rate Event or to identify a Replacement Reference Rate or calculate an 
Adjustment Spread, then absent a determination that no Replacement Reference Rate or other 
amendments to the terms of the Notes are required, the Notes may, at the Issuer's option, be the 
subject of an early redemption, in which case you may lose some or all of your investment. 
There is no guarantee that a Replacement Reference Rate will be identified or that an 
Adjustment Spread will be calculated by the Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent (as 
applicable). 
The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and/or determined pursuant to a formula or 
methodology. There can be no assurance that the replacement adjustment will fully mitigate the transfer 
of economic value between the Issuer and holders. 
Interim adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any adjustments or replacement having occurred, the 
relevant Reference Rate is required for any determination in respect of the Notes and at that time, no 
amendments have occurred in accordance with the foregoing and: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or regulation 
for the Notes to reference the Reference Rate and for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) to use the Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate 
shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of the Reference 
Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Notes to reference the Reference Rate or for the Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) to use the Reference Rate, the level of the 
Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) in its sole and absolute discretion, after consulting any source it deems to be 
reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted 
(in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate (including 
any temporary substitute or successor rate) or the rate published at the relevant time on the last 
day on which the Reference Rate was published or was permitted to be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation (the "Last Permitted Rate") or (b) if it determines there is no such 
industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate or the use of the Last 
Permitted Rate would not produce a commercially reasonable result, a substitute or successor 
rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the Reference Rate, taking 
into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, 
the derivatives market).  
To the extent that any Notes reference a Reference Rate with respect to which a Reference Rate Event is 
likely to occur during the term of such Notes, prospective investors should be aware that the consequence

--- Page 67 ---
Risk Factors 
 
67 
 
of the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event described above will be realised if such a Reference Rate 
Event occurs. 
The interests of the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in making the 
determinations described above may be adverse to your interests as a holder of Notes. The selection of a 
Replacement Reference Rate, and any decisions made by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent 
(as applicable) in connection with implementing a Replacement Reference Rate with respect to the Notes, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Notes. Further, there is no assurance 
that the characteristics of any Replacement Reference Rate will be similar to the relevant Reference Rate 
or that any Replacement Reference Rate will produce the economic equivalent of such Reference Rate. 
In particular, any of these fallback provisions may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do 
not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the relevant Notes 
if the previous rate had continued being published in its current form. 
Risks relating to the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
The occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (if applicable) in respect of any relevant 
Benchmark may mean adjustments are made to the Notes which may include selecting one or more 
successor benchmarks and making related adjustments to the Notes, including if applicable to reflect any 
increased costs of the Issuer of providing exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) and/or 
benchmark(s). Alternatively, early redemption of the Notes may apply if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms. For an overview of how the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions apply, 
see "Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of Fallback Provisions in respect of Reference 
Rates and Benchmarks" below. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of, return 
on or market for the Notes, and if the Notes are early redeemed, the amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks relating to the discontinuance or unavailability of a Rate 
If (x) the provisions of Underlying Schedule 2 relating to the determination of the Underlying Closing 
Level of a Rate on any Scheduled Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any Disrupted Day and 
(y) the provisions relating to the consequences of any such Disrupted Day set out in the Conditions apply 
pursuant to the relevant Hierarchy Provisions, if (i) the relevant Electronic Page is not available, or (ii) 
the percentage rate of the relevant Rate for the relevant Scheduled Trading Day does not appear on the 
Electronic Page, and/or (iii) the relevant Rate is not provided or published by the relevant administrator 
or a relevant authorised distributor and/or (iv) a component of the relevant Rate is not provided or 
published, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) shall determine the underlying 
closing level for such Rate as it deems appropriate and in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market)) and may make such adjustments to the Conditions as it determines 
necessary or appropriate to reflect any industry-accepted practices for the successor Rate, including 
applying an adjustment factor. Any such amendments may result in payments under the Notes being 
different from those originally anticipated, and could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on the Notes. 
Swap rates may be materially amended or discontinued 
Swap rates may be subject to reform in the future. These reforms may cause one or more swap rate(s) to 
be discontinued, to be modified, or to be subject to other changes. Any such consequence could also have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Notes the payout of which is dependent on the 
performance of such swap rate.

--- Page 68 ---
Risk Factors 
 
68 
 
If a swap rate ceases, different fallback provisions would apply based on the way in which the relevant 
swap rate is determined under the Conditions and the fallback provisions described in the relevant 
Hierarchy Provisions. Such fallback provisions will be applied in the order set out therein and, where 
ISDA Determination applies, this will mean that any permanent cessation fallback provisions included 
as part of the applicable ISDA Definitions will not apply.  
New swap rates linked to risk free rates have recently been developed, such as IBA's GBP SONIA ICE 
Swap Rate settings and USD SOFR ICE Swap Rate settings. However, there can be no guarantee that 
such rates will be liquid, and the method by which such new swap rates are calculated may change in the 
future. The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent may make consequential changes to the 
Conditions if the methodology of a relevant rate is amended 
In the event that the administrator of a rate referenced by Floating Rate Notes or Rate Linked Notes 
amends the methodology of such Rate (including, without limitation, amendments to the time of 
publication of the relevant rate), the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) may but 
shall not be required to make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise 
provided for in the applicable fallback provisions (including, without limitation, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines to be appropriate in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible 
or if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that no appropriate market 
practice exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
determines is reasonably necessary). Investors should be aware that such changes to the Conditions may 
adversely affect the market value of, and return (if any) on, such Notes. 
Risks in connection with "Shift" and "Lag" methodologies 
Where (a) SONIA Floating Rate Determination or SOFR Floating Rate Determination (in either case, 
other than where Index Determination applies) or (b) €STR Screen Rate Determination or SARON 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating 
Interest Rate is to be determined, a compounding method will also be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. These compounding methodologies have emerged as conventions for daily compounding of rates 
in arrears. The conventions differ in the period that each method uses when weighting each business 
day's overnight rate for the relevant risk free rate. The "Shift" approach (or "Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift") weights the relevant risk free rate according to the relevant number of days 
that apply in a separate observation period which 'shadows' the Interest Period (e.g. the observation 
period might start and end five business days preceding the relevant start and end of the Interest Period). 
The "Lag" approach (or "OIS Compounding" or "Compounding with Lookback") weights the relevant 
risk free rate according to the number of days that apply in the relevant Interest Period. Investors should 
be aware that divergence between the above methodologies could lead to a difference in the interest being 
determined even where the relevant risk free rate is the same for the Notes and may not be what investors 
expected.  
Methodologies for determining interest payable in respect of Notes linked to SONIA or SOFR may 
differ substantially 
The amount of interest payable in respect of Notes linked to SONIA or SOFR will be calculated by 
reference to (i) the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily SONIA or 
SOFR, as applicable, as the reference rate for the calculation of interest); or (ii) where Index 
Determination in respect of SONIA Floating Rate Determination or SOFR Floating Rate Determination

--- Page 69 ---
Risk Factors 
 
69 
 
applies, a screen rate, formula or value as may be published by the administrator of SONIA or SOFR, as 
applicable. There can be no assurance that amounts of interest determined pursuant to (i) and (ii) will be 
similar, and over time the market may adopt an application of these methodologies that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions. Further, investors should refer to "Developing markets 
for SONIA, SOFR, €STR and SARON and potential impact on performance and returns" above for a 
description of the key risks relating to the development of risk free rates across the market generally. 
RISKS RELATING TO NOTES LINKED TO UNDERLYING(S) 
General risks relating to Notes linked to Underlying(s) 
An investment in Notes linked to Underlying(s) has significant risks that are not associated with a similar 
investment in a conventional security (e.g. a debt instrument that has a pre-determined specified principal 
amount, is denominated in your currency and bears interest at either a fixed or a floating rate based on 
nationally published interest rate references), as amounts due in respect of such Notes are linked to the 
performance of the relevant Underlying(s).  
The risks associated with a particular Note linked to Underlying(s) will depend on factors over which 
none of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor has any control and which cannot 
readily be foreseen, and the return on Notes linked to Underlying(s) may attract certain of the same risks 
as an actual investment in the relevant Underlying(s). These risks include economic and political events 
and the supply of, and demand for, any relevant Underlying(s). 
Each of these risks may have an impact on the level, price, rate or other applicable value of an Underlying, 
which may go down as well as up throughout the term of the Notes, and such fluctuations may affect the 
value of and return on the Notes. 
Furthermore, in recent years, rates, levels or values for various Underlying(s) have been highly volatile. 
Such volatility may be expected in the future. Fluctuations in the rates, levels or values that have occurred 
in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations that may occur during the term of any 
Notes linked to Underlying(s). 
The risk of loss as a result of linking principal, interest and/or redemption payments to Underlying(s) can 
be substantial and the payment of principal, interest and/or redemption amounts may be contingent on 
the occurrence of certain events in respect of Underlying(s) which may not occur.  
Risks associated with Notes linked to Inflation Indices 
The risks of a particular Note relating to Inflation Indices will depend on the terms of that Note. Many 
economic and market factors may influence an Inflation Index and consequently the value of Notes 
relating to Inflation Indices, including general economic, financial, political or regulatory conditions 
and/or events; and/or fluctuations in the prices of various assets, goods, services and energy resources 
(including in response to supply of, and demand for, any of them); and/or the level of inflation in the 
economy of the relevant country and expectations of inflation. In particular, the level of an Inflation 
Index may be affected by factors unconnected with the financial markets. Any such factor may either 
offset or magnify one or more of the other factors. 
The performance of an Inflation Index will affect the amounts payable in respect of Notes relating to 
Inflation Indices and may result in investors receiving less than their original investment and/or no return 
on their investment.

--- Page 70 ---
Risk Factors 
 
70 
 
The rate of interest (if any) payable in respect of Inflation Index-linked interest Notes will vary for each 
interest payment due may be less than that which would be payable on a conventional fixed rate, non-
callable debt security of the Issuer of comparable maturity. 
See Underlying Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect 
of Notes linked to Inflation Indices. 
Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Notes linked to Inflation Indices 
If an underlying closing level for an Inflation Index for a specified reference month has not been 
published or announced by five business days prior to the relevant payment date, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine a substitute index level. Any such substitution may have an adverse effect on the 
value of such Notes. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Inflation Index 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Notes (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Notes or (b) a 
disruption in the hedging arrangements relating to the Notes or (c) an increased cost in relation to the 
hedging arrangements relating to the Notes (an "Increased Cost of Hedging"), or (d) the imposition of 
increased or unexpected fees and costs for the use of such index on the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates 
by the relevant index sponsor which the Calculation Agent deems material), then the Calculation Agent 
shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines necessary 
to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, 
adjustments to pass on to Noteholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, 
reducing any amounts payable in respect of the Notes to reflect any such increased costs). Any such 
adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Notes and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If "Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, then any 
revision to an underlying closing level of an Inflation Index occurring before the relevant revision cut-
off date shall be considered final and conclusive for the purpose of any determination made in respect of 
the Notes. If "No Revision" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (or if "Revision" is 
not specified as applicable) then the first publication and announcement of an underlying closing level 
for such Inflation Index shall be final and conclusive.  
Further, if the Calculation Agent determines that the index sponsor of an Inflation Index has corrected 
an underlying closing level for such index to correct a manifest error no later than the earlier to occur of 
the relevant manifest error cut-off date and thirty calendar days following the first publication and 
announcement of such level, then the Calculation Agent may use the corrected level of such Inflation 
Index for the purposes of any calculation in respect of the relevant payment date. In the event of 
inconsistency between a revision and a manifest error correction, the manifest error correction shall 
prevail.  
Any such adjustment, revision or correction (or absence thereof) may have an adverse effect on the value 
of the Notes.

--- Page 71 ---
Risk Factors 
 
71 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that either (a) a level for an Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two consecutive months and/or (b) the relevant index sponsor announces that it will no 
longer continue to publish or announce such Inflation Index and/or (c) the relevant index sponsor cancels 
such Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent may replace the originally designated Inflation Index 
with a successor index and make consequential adjustments to the terms of the Notes to account for such 
replacement. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. If no successor 
index can be determined, then an Early Redemption Event shall occur with respect to the Notes. 
If an index sponsor announces, in respect of an Inflation Index, that it will make a material change to a 
relevant Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall make such consequential adjustments to the 
terms of the Notes as are consistent with any adjustment made to any relevant fallback bond or as are 
necessary for such modified Inflation Index to continue as an Inflation Index for the purpose of the Notes. 
Any such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Notes and, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, then an Early Redemption Event shall 
occur with respect to the Notes. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) no successor index can be determined or no adjustment can reasonably be made following a 
material change to a relevant Inflation Index, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption 
Early Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Notes may be 
redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes. If the Notes are 
redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each Noteholder an amount calculated in accordance with the 
method specified in applicable Issue Terms or such other amount as is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less 
than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss.  
Risks associated with Notes linked to Rates 
The market value of the Notes may, at any time, be affected by certain factors relating to Rates which 
may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the level of the Rate, macro-
economic, political or financial factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention. 
In recent years, Rates have been relatively low and stable, but this may not continue and interest rates 
may rise and/or become volatile. Fluctuations that have occurred in any Rate in the past are not 
necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuation that may occur in the Rate during the term of any Note. 
Accordingly, before purchasing Notes, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the value 
and price volatility of the relevant Rates, as this may have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on the Notes. 
Depending on the terms of the Notes, you may receive no or a limited amount of interest because of the 
performance of the relevant Rates. In addition, you should ensure that you review the terms of the Notes 
in question as these may provide for amounts due to be determined by reference to an option or formulae 
linked to the relevant Rate rather than being a conventional debt security referencing a Rate, such as one 
which bears interest at a specified floating rate of interest. Accordingly, you may receive a lower return 
on Notes linked to one or more Rates than you would have received if you had invested in another product 
referencing a Rate. 
See Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of Notes 
linked to Rates.

--- Page 72 ---
Risk Factors 
 
72 
 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Notes linked to Rates 
As the terms and conditions of Notes relating to Rates include provisions dealing with the consequences 
of a disrupted day, including referring to alternative price sources or determination of the relevant Rate 
by the Calculation Agent or by reference to quotes from reference dealers, such alternative provisions 
for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Notes may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on such Notes. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Rates in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Rate (being, in 
each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying hedging 
position in relation to the Notes (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any hedging position 
becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially increasing the Issuer's 
costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Notes or (b) a disruption in the hedging 
arrangements relating to the Notes or (c) an increased cost in relation to the hedging arrangements 
relating to the Notes (an "Increased Cost of Hedging"), then the Calculation Agent shall make such 
adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the 
effect of such Adjustment Event. Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Noteholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not 
limited to, reducing any amounts payable in respect of the Notes to reflect any such increased costs). 
Any such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Notes and, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an 
Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Notes may be redeemed as more fully set out 
in the terms and conditions of the Notes. If the Notes are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each 
Noteholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your 
initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Notes linked to currency exchange rates 
An investment in Notes linked to currency exchange rates may bear similar market risks to a direct 
investment in foreign exchange.  
Movements in currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the currency exchange rates 
may affect the actual yield to you, even if the average level is consistent with your expectations. In 
addition, Notes linked to currency exchange rates may be linked to emerging market currencies and, as 
such, may experience greater volatility and less certainty as to future levels or as against other currencies. 
Emerging market currencies are highly exposed to the risk of a currency crisis happening in the future 
and this could result in the occurrence of a Disrupted Day. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates and implied volatility of the relevant currency will affect the value of the 
relevant Notes. Currency values may be affected by complex political and economic factors, including 
governmental action to fix or support the value of a currency/currencies, regardless of other market 
forces, which could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on your Notes (see "Changes

--- Page 73 ---
Risk Factors 
 
73 
 
in exchange rates and exchange controls could result in a loss of the value of the Notes and payments in 
respect thereof in relation to the currency of your jurisdiction"). 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Notes linked to currency exchange rates than you would 
have received if you had invested directly in the relevant currency or currencies or in another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of Notes 
linked to currency exchange rates. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events, Early Redemption Events and Currency Settlement Disruption 
Events in relation to Notes linked to currency exchange rates where the EMTA Provisions are not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
As the terms and conditions of the Notes relating to currency exchange rates include provisions dealing 
with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement 
or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of the Notes may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Notes. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for currency exchange rates in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a currency exchange 
rate (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Notes (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Notes or (b) a 
disruption in the hedging arrangements relating to the Notes or (c) an increased cost in relation to the 
hedging arrangements relating to the Notes (an "Increased Cost of Hedging"), or (d) a relevant country 
has lawfully converted or exchanged its currency for a successor currency), then the Calculation Agent 
shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines necessary 
to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, 
adjustments to pass on to Noteholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, 
reducing any amounts payable in respect of the Notes to reflect any such increased costs). Any such 
adjustment(s) may have an adverse effect on the value of such Notes and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Notes may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Notes. If the Notes are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each 
Noteholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your 
initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the Notes cannot be 
made by the Issuer in the Settlement Currency on any date on which payment is scheduled to be made 
under the Notes due to the occurrence of a Currency Settlement Disruption Event (being (a) the 
imposition of restrictions on the transferability, purchase and holding of the Settlement Currency, (b) its 
non-acceptance by a clearing system or its disuse, (c) its illiquidity in the relevant market or (d) any other

--- Page 74 ---
Risk Factors 
 
74 
 
circumstances beyond the Issuer's control), then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy its obligations to 
Noteholders by either (i) delaying any such payment until after the Currency Settlement Disruption Event 
ceases to exist, or (ii) making such payment in United States dollars on, or as soon as reasonably 
practicable after, the relevant payment date. Any such delayed payment or payment in United States 
dollars will not constitute a default and Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other 
payment in respect of any such delay. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Notes linked to currency 
exchange rates where the EMTA Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
The terms and conditions of the Notes include provisions dealing with the consequences of a Disrupted 
Day. These consequences shall be determined in accordance with the Disruption Fallbacks specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and may include (i) where Valuation Postponement is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, (ii) 
where First Fallback Reference Price or Second Fallback Reference Price is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determination of the Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Valuation Date by reference 
to alternative prices for the applicable currency exchange rate, and (iii) where Calculation Agent 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent determining 
the Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Valuation Date. Such alternative provisions for valuation 
provided in the terms and conditions of the Notes may have an adverse effect on the value of such Notes. 
The Valuation Postponement provisions, if applicable, may result in a Noteholder receiving payments in 
respect of the Notes after the originally scheduled date for payment. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for currency exchange rates in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a currency exchange 
rate (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Notes (such that holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
hedging position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited) or materially 
increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Notes or (b) a 
disruption in the hedging arrangements relating to the Notes or (c) an increased cost in relation to the 
hedging arrangements relating to the Notes (an "Increased Cost of Hedging"), or (d) (i) any relevant 
rate ceases to be reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, announced or adopted (or similar action), 
(ii) the sponsor and/or administrator of a relevant rate officially designates or appoints a successor 
sponsor and/or administrator entity for that relevant rate or (iii) a relevant country has lawfully converted 
or exchanged its currency for a successor currency), then the Calculation Agent shall make such 
adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the 
effect of such Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to 
pass on to Noteholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any 
amounts payable in respect of the Notes to reflect any such increased costs) and in the case of a successor 
rate, determination of the relevant rate by reference to the official successor rate. Any such adjustment(s) 
may have an adverse effect on the value of such Notes and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment(s) can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Notes may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Notes. If the Notes are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each 
Noteholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms,

--- Page 75 ---
Risk Factors 
 
75 
 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your 
initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event 
Where Settlement Disruption is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the Notes cannot be made by it in the 
Settlement Currency on any date on which payment is scheduled to be made under the Notes due to the 
occurrence of a Currency Settlement Disruption Event (being (a) the imposition of restrictions on the 
transferability, purchase and holding of the Settlement Currency, (b) its non-acceptance by a clearing 
system or its disuse, (c) its illiquidity in the relevant market or (d) any other circumstances beyond the 
Issuer's control), then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy its obligations to Noteholders by either (i) 
delaying any such payment until after the Currency Settlement Disruption Event ceases to exist, or (ii) 
making such payment in United States dollars on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the relevant 
payment date. Any such delayed payment or payment in United States dollars will not constitute a default 
and Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in respect of such delay. 
See further FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Settlement Disruption) of Part A of Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate 
Conditions), and FX Rate Condition 6(e) (Settlement Disruption) of Part B of Underlying Schedule 5 
(FX Rate Conditions).  
RISKS SPECIFIC TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND/OR INDEX SKEW NOTES 
Credit risk of the Reference Entity 
Investors should note that a holder of a Credit Linked Note will be exposed to the credit of one or more 
Reference Entities, which exposure shall be, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, to the 
full extent of their investment in such Credit Linked Note or, in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, to the extent that the aggregate losses exceed the 
"attachment point". Upon the occurrence of any specified Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, with 
respect to any Reference Entity, investors may suffer significant losses at a time when losses may be 
suffered by a direct investor in obligations of such Reference Entity. However, the holding of a Credit 
Linked Note may not reflect the impact of investing in an obligation of a Reference Entity, and losses in 
relation to the Credit Linked Notes could be considerably greater than would be suffered by a direct 
investor in the obligations of a Reference Entity and/or could arise for reasons unrelated to such 
Reference Entity. In addition, the terms of the deliverable obligations of Reference Entities may not be 
standard, and holders of that debt may therefore incur additional losses that are not reflected in the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes. This is of greater force in the case where the Reference Entity is a 
sovereign. There are no common set of rules or practices that governs the manner in which a sovereign 
government, faced with deterioration in its fiscal position or the performance of its economy, may attempt 
to reach resolution with holders of its debt obligations. Due to, amongst other factors, the role of 
governments and international organisations as creditors, the ability of a sovereign to enact legislation 
that may affect holders of its debt obligations, and the role played by other governments, including those 
of the jurisdictions in which private creditors are located, the development of events is inherently 
unpredictable. As a result, specified Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, may not encompass all 
the circumstances in which holders of a sovereign Reference Entity's obligations may suffer credit-
related losses. 
Legal risks 
Investors should note that a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, may occur even where (i) the 
Reference Entity/underlying obligor lacks capacity to enter into any obligation, (ii) there is any actual or

--- Page 76 ---
Risk Factors 
 
76 
 
alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any obligation or (iii) the 
Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, results from (a) any applicable law, order, regulation, decree 
or notice or change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body or (b) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital 
restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority.  
In such circumstances, investors should note that they will bear the legal risks since the occurrence of a 
Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, will result in an early redemption of their Credit Linked 
Notes, in full or in part. 
Jurisdictional differences and assessment of Reference Entity 
There can be less publicly available information about certain Reference Entities particularly where the 
laws in the jurisdiction of the Reference Entity do not subject the Reference Entity to reporting 
requirements. Furthermore, certain Reference Entities are subject to accounting, auditing and financial 
reporting standards that may differ from those applicable in other jurisdictions, and the relevant ways in 
which the legal regime of a Reference Entity operates can result in differences in outcomes across various 
jurisdictions. The differences highlighted herein may make it more difficult to make an accurate 
assessment of the creditworthiness of certain Reference Entities, and these differences may have a 
significant effect on the recovery on an underlying debt obligation in the event of bankruptcy or 
reorganisation of a Reference Entity. For example, once a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding has 
commenced under the laws of certain jurisdictions, it may not be permissible to trade or accelerate the 
debt of the relevant issuer.  
In making any assessment with respect to the creditworthiness of any Reference Entity or the Reference 
Entity generally, investors should also take into account, amongst other factors, (i) the name of the 
Reference Entity given that there can be confusion among market participants with respect to similarly 
named entities within a corporate group or failure to monitor any recent name changes or Successors 
identified with respect to a particular Reference Entity, (ii) the obligor on any referenced obligation and 
its capacity, to the extent relevant for any Credit Linked Note, (iii) the characteristics of any obligation 
referenced such as whether it is senior or subordinated, senior non preferred, freely transferrable, secured 
or unsecured, a bond, loan or a payment obligation not related to borrowed money which may either 
meet or fail to meet certain requirements specified in the Credit Linked Note relevant to either the 
occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, or redemption following a Credit Event or 
Risk Event, as applicable and (iv) where there are multiple Reference Entities, whether each Reference 
Entity is weighted equally or whether some Reference Entities have greater weightings than others given 
a Reference Entity's weighting with respect to the relevant Credit Linked Note determines the portion of 
the principal amount of the Credit Linked Note that is attributable to that Reference Entity. The above 
factors are related to, and may affect, the creditworthiness of the relevant Reference Entity(ies) which, 
in turn, may impact the value of, and return on, the Credit Linked Notes and therefore, such factors are 
important and should be taken into consideration when making a decision whether to invest in the Credit 
Linked Notes.  
Actions of Reference Entities 
A Reference Entity (which could be the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one of their affiliates) could 
take certain actions (e.g. merger, demerger or the repayment or transfer of indebtedness) without having 
regard to any investor's interest. A Reference Entity may have an incentive to structure a transaction to 
produce a particular result for example, in order to induce holders of its debt obligations to take certain 
actions. In some cases, a Reference Entity may repay its outstanding liabilities or assign them to a 
different entity in a manner that does not give rise to the determination of a Successor to the Reference 
Entity. In such cases, with respect to that Reference Entity, there may no longer be any deliverable

--- Page 77 ---
Risk Factors 
 
77 
 
obligations (a circumstance commonly referred to as an "orphaning"), which may result in there being 
no appropriate Deliverable Obligations for an Auction to be determined with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity or Physical Redemption to be effected. Such actions could affect the value of and return 
on such Credit Linked Notes in a manner that was not originally contemplated by investors. 
Historical performance may not predict future performance 
Investors should note that the historical performance of a Reference Entity or similar entities is not 
indicative of its future performance and, accordingly, if contrary to historical performance, a Credit Event 
or a Risk Event occurs, the Credit Linked Note may early redeem.  
Concentrated credit risk where Reference Entities are concentrated in the same sectors or regions 
The credit risk to investors in the Credit Linked Notes, which are credit-linked to multiple Reference 
Entities may be increased, amongst other things, as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in 
a particular industry sector or geographic area, or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar 
financial or other risks as other Reference Entities. 
Although at the Issue Date or Trade Date, as applicable, investors in Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
and Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes will have exposure to a single Reference Entity, 
investors should note that the risk factors set out above will equally apply to such Credit Linked Notes 
when multiple successors are identified in accordance with the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Impact of a Credit Event or Risk Event on principal and interest 
If "2014 Reference Entity" applies, following a Credit Event which is a Governmental Intervention or 
certain Restructuring Credit Events, an Asset Package Credit Event may occur and the amount of 
principal payable may be determined based on the value of a package of assets which a relevant 
obligation of a Reference Entity has been converted into or exchanged for (which may be worth 
significantly less than the principal amount of such original obligation of such Reference Entity or, where 
such original obligation has been expropriated for no compensation, may be zero). Prospective investors 
in such Credit Linked Notes should be aware that depending on the terms thereof (i) they may receive 
no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of any specified assets 
may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their 
investment. 
The occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in relation to any Reference Entity from 
time to time may result in either full or partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes on the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date which shall depend on whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit 
Payment Following Credit Event" applies (and additionally, in the case of Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, whether "Redemption in Part" or "Redemption in Full" applies) and any recovery (which 
could be zero) or any incurred recovery amounts (to the extent that such recovery falls within the tranche 
to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed 
to (as applicable)) will be payable to the investor but the investor shall be exposed to all incurred losses 
(to the extent that such losses fall within the tranche to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)), which will reduce its principal 
redemptions. Where "Physical Redemption" applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes based on the delivery of certain direct or indirect obligations of 
the affected Reference Entity, which may have a market value which is substantially less than their 
nominal amount.

--- Page 78 ---
Risk Factors 
 
78 
 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, investors should note that interest will cease to accrue on a specified portion of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes as set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes depending 
on whether "Interest Accrual on Default" or "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the applicable 
Issue Terms.  
If "No Interest Accrual on Default" is applicable, interest will cease from the Interest Payment Date or 
LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable or where there is no Interest Payment Date or 
LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date. If "Interest Accrual on 
Default" is applicable, interest will cease to accrue on the first Business Day immediately following the 
Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. In such 
case, interest shall accrue on the affected applicable proportion from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date or LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable (or where there is no 
Interest Payment Date or LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date) to 
(and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable. With respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Principal Writedown Amount with effect from the Credit Event 
Writedown Date, being the business day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date.  
The Issuer may also suspend interest in certain circumstances where (a) an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question or a CE Resolution Notice, as applicable, has been submitted in respect of which a DC 
Resolution has not been published or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved 
whether it will convene a meeting to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question or the matters 
described in the CE Resolution Notice, as applicable, or (b) where the Calculation Agent has determined 
that a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event 
Notice, as applicable, has been provided to the Issuer and/or the Noteholders. In such circumstances, 
investors should note that the Issuer would suspend the maximum amount of interest payable assuming 
(i) the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, had occurred, (ii) in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring 
or Restructuring, as applicable, as though no partial exercise occurred and (iii) where the amount to be 
withheld requires calculation of any recovery amount, a fixed recovery of zero per cent. applies. Such 
suspension of interest shall be effected although no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date has actually occurred.  
Investors should be aware that payment of any interest wrongly suspended will be repayable in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes and where insufficient interest has 
been suspended (the absolute value of such interest shortfall constituting the Interest Suspension Shortfall 
Amount), such Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount shall be claimed by the Issuer from any future 
amount(s) payable or assets Delivered upon the redemption or, where applicable, write down in full of 
the relevant Credit Linked Notes (whether at maturity or upon early redemption). The Issuer however 
shall have no further claims against any investors for any Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount which 
cannot be deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being insufficient). 
Interest (if applicable) shall continue to be suspended until the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee makes the relevant announcements or the Calculation Agent determines that 
no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can 
occur. In such circumstances, investors should note that they may not receive any interest for multiple 
Interest Periods.

--- Page 79 ---
Risk Factors 
 
79 
 
Interest will otherwise continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of the Credit Linked Note 
unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, to and excluding the 
earlier to occur of any full redemption at Scheduled Maturity Date or any relevant early redemption. 
Where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Credit Linked Notes 
in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount at the funding interest rate. 
Exposure to Credit Events and successions prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date 
The Credit Event Backstop Date represents the first day of the credit protection period for a Series of 
Credit Linked Notes. The default position under the Credit Linked Conditions is for the Credit Event 
Backstop Date to be determined on a rolling basis by reference to a look-back period of 60 calendar days 
from the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or the effective date of the Credit Event Notice, as 
applicable. Investors should accordingly note a Credit Event occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue 
Date may result in a Credit Event being triggered under such Credit Linked Notes. Investors should also 
note that this will not be the case where the terms of the Credit Linked Notes expressly specify the Credit 
Event Backstop Date as the Trade Date or the Issue Date. Credit Linked Notes may also be exposed to 
Successor determinations in respect of events occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date as, where 
"2014 Reference Entity" applies, the Credit Linked Notes have a similar backstop date (referred to as 
"Successor Backstop Date" where "2014 Reference Entity" applies and "Succession Event Backstop 
Date" where "2003 Reference Entity" applies), which is a look-back period of 90 calendar days prior to 
the date of a request to convene the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (or, if 
applicable, the effective date of a notice to the investor describing the relevant succession) is applicable 
for the purposes of any Successor determination. In both cases, investors should note that a Credit Event 
or succession that occurred prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date could affect the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes. In respect of a Series of Credit Linked Notes to which "2014 Reference Entity" applies, where on 
or after 1 January 2014, an entity assumes all of the obligations (including at least one relevant obligation) 
of a Reference Entity which is not a sovereign, in circumstances where a Reference Entity has ceased to 
exist, or is in the process of being dissolved and has not issued or incurred any borrowed money 
obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption (such entity, a "Universal 
Successor"), the look-back period of 90 calendar days will not apply. 
Investors should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to any Reference 
Entity(ies) by consulting publicly available information. If, prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date, a 
request to convene a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to determine whether a Credit Event 
or Successor determination has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity has been made, details of 
such 
request 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
DC 
Secretary's 
webpage 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). If a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not been convened to determine such matter as of the Trade Date or Issue 
Date, investors should note that one may still be convened after the Trade Date or Issue Date in respect 
of an event that has occurred which occurs up to 60 days (in the case of a Credit Event), 90 days (in the 
case of the determination of a Successor) or any time (in the case of the determination of a Universal 
Successor, where applicable) before the date of a request to convene such Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to make the relevant determinations. Equally, Credit Events and successions 
may occur but where issues are not raised within the requisite time period to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to qualify for a Credit Event or a qualifying succession, the events will not 
impact the relevant Credit Linked Notes, subject to any further actions undertaken by the Calculation 
Agent (where applicable).  
Successors

--- Page 80 ---
Risk Factors 
 
80 
 
Investors should note that, from time to time, the Reference Entity may be subject to change following 
the determination of any successors to the Reference Entity, and the creditworthiness of such successors 
may have an impact on the value of, and return on, the Credit Linked Notes.  
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after it 
becomes aware of the relevant succession (but, where "2003 Reference Entity" applies, no earlier than 
14 calendar days after the legally effective date of the relevant succession event), the sovereign or entity, 
if any, that qualifies as the successor. The Credit Linked Conditions provide that if a Reference Entity 
has more than one successor, the Calculation Agent shall amend the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, 
without consent of the investors, to reflect that the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more 
than one successor and for the purposes of calculation, the affected notional representing such Reference 
Entity will be divided equally among the successors. Following such determination, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and 
interest will accrue on such amount in accordance with the adjustments determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner to reflect the economic effects of the 
identification of more than one successor, considered in the aggregate. Investors should note that the 
Credit Linked Note may reference substantially different credit risks following the determination of one 
or more successors. These credit risks could potentially be greater or lesser than the credit risk of the 
original Reference Entity. Investors should also be aware that the determination of a successor will not 
necessarily result in the assumption of that obligation by the successor either at all or in the same 
proportion as the allocation of the notional amount of the original Credit Linked Note. Such changes to 
the Credit Linked Notes could adversely impact the value of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Volatile prices 
The market price of Credit Linked Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, 
(i) the actual or perceived creditworthiness and credit ratings of each Reference Entity and any guarantors 
or other supporters of its relevant obligations, (ii) expected rates of recovery on obligations of the 
Reference Entity, (iii) actions of a Reference Entity and its principal creditors, (iv) the nature of each 
Reference Entity's outstanding indebtedness, including its maturity and subordination structure and any 
guarantees or other support that the Reference Entity has provided to other entities, (v) the contractually 
specified credit-related events with respect to a Reference Entity that may trigger settlement of the Credit 
Linked Notes, (vi) optionality that a party may have, such as the ability to select the obligations of a 
Reference Entity that will be delivered or valued or to decide whether or not to trigger settlement, (vii) 
correlation among the credit spreads and/or default probabilities of the components of a basket or index, 
if applicable, (viii) market liquidity, (ix) the time remaining to the maturity or (x) economic, financial, 
political and regulatory or judicial events or conditions that affect a Reference Entity or its outstanding 
obligations, or the market for Credit Linked Notes or related financial markets, including credit spreads 
in the market. Such volatility could impact on the market value of the Credit Linked Notes.  
Market liquidity 
Various factors may affect the market liquidity for the Credit Linked Notes. Future regulation of Credit 
Linked Notes could limit market liquidity. In respect of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note or an 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, certain tenors of the relevant Index referenced by the relevant Credit 
Linked Note may be more liquid than others. The market liquidity of an Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Note or Index Tranched Credit Linked Note may also vary significantly between the current series of the 
relevant Index referenced by the relevant Credit Linked Note and prior series. The market liquidity of 
instruments based on a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entities will generally be less than that of 
instruments linked to standardised indices and terms. The market liquidity of a single-name Reference 
Entity may be affected by the Reference Entity's inclusion or exclusion from a standardised index, with 
exclusion from an index generally expected to result in diminished market liquidity.

--- Page 81 ---
Risk Factors 
 
81 
 
In addition, Credit Linked Notes with terms that differ from trading conventions may have substantially 
less market liquidity and price transparency. Consequently, market liquidity could vary during the term 
of a Credit Linked Note and will affect the value of such Credit Linked Note. There is no assurance that 
the Issuer, Dealer, Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates will be able to provide prices with 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes or that a secondary market can develop with respect to the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may make announcements, determinations and 
resolutions which may have an adverse impact on the value of, and return on, Credit Linked Notes. The 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees make determinations that are relevant to the majority of 
the credit derivatives market and to promote transparency and consistency. 
In making any determination with respect to a Credit Event, Risk Event or a succession date, the 
Calculation Agent may have regard to announcements, determinations and resolutions made by the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. In certain circumstances (including, without limitation, 
the determination of the occurrence of an "Event Determination Date"), the Credit Linked Notes will 
be subject to the announcements, determinations and resolutions of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. Such announcements, determinations and resolutions could adversely 
impact the quantum and timing of payments of interest and principal on the Credit Linked Notes. 
Investors have no role in respect of the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees  
Noteholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. 
A separate criterion will apply to the selection of dealer and non-dealer institutions to serve on the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees ("DC Member"), and Noteholders will have no role in 
establishing such criteria. In addition, the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees will change from time to time as the term of a member institution may expire or a member 
institution may be required to be replaced. Noteholders will have no control over the process for selecting 
institutions to participate on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees given the process is 
governed by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules (the "DC Rules"). To the extent 
provided for in the Credit Linked Notes, the determinations of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees (for example, whether or not a Credit Event has occurred) which will impact the return on 
the Credit Linked Notes will be final and binding with respect to specific matters set out in the terms and 
conditions of the Credit Linked Notes, where relevant. 
Investors will not be notified of deliberations and resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
Notices of issues submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, meetings convened to 
deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
DC 
Secretary 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). Neither the Issuer, Dealer, 
Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall be obliged to inform investors of such updates 
as published from time to time. Investors should carefully monitor the matters under consideration by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and their determinations as such determinations may 
affect an investor's rights under the Credit Linked Notes. 
Notwithstanding that an investor may be unaware of information relating to determinations of a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee as published on the DC Secretary's website, this will not impact 
any redemptions, reductions in interest write-downs or determinations made by the Calculation Agent 
and/or Issuer.

--- Page 82 ---
Risk Factors 
 
82 
 
Investors will have no recourse against any of the institutions serving (which could include the Issuer, 
the Dealer or the Calculation Agent) on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees or the 
external reviewers 
DC Members (which could include the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates) do not owe any duty to Noteholders to refer specific questions to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. Noteholders will be prevented from pursuing legal claims with respect to 
actions taken by such DC Member in its capacity as such under the DC Rules. DC Members have no 
duty to investigate, supplement or verify the accuracy of information on which a determination is based. 
In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are not obligated to follow previous 
determinations or to apply principles of interpretation such as those that might guide a court in 
interpreting contractual provisions. Therefore, investors should be aware that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee could reach a conflicting determination for a similar set of facts, which may 
impact the Credit Linked Notes in a manner that was not originally contemplated by investors.  
Requirement for publicly available information 
The Credit Linked Notes may specify that only publicly available information regarding a relevant event 
may be used to trigger or modify the transaction. The Credit Linked Conditions contain standards as to 
what constitutes publicly available information. If a Credit Event, Risk Event or a succession occurs, 
amongst other events, but the requisite public information about the event is not available within the 
applicable time periods, then the event will not take effect under the Credit Linked Notes.  
Investors should note that in certain circumstances it may be difficult to verify the occurrences of certain 
Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, as a party in possession of such information which may 
evidence such Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, may be contractually prohibited from disclosing 
information to another party by virtue of any credit agreement or other agreement with the Reference 
Entity, any underlying obligor, any affiliate of the Reference Entity or of the underlying Obligor or such 
party may be bound by or subject to a confidentiality obligation or agreement whereby the required 
information for verification may not be capable of disclosure without breaching such confidentiality 
undertakings. Accordingly, there may be circumstances when a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, 
may not be capable of trigger under the Credit Linked Notes due to lack of publicly available information. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the Trade Date and Issue Date, 
including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the public filings of the Reference 
Entity or the value of the underliers, will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any 
such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning an issuer could 
adversely affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes, its usefulness for any investor's intended purpose, 
and the timing or amount of payments or deliveries. 
Risks associated with Auction Redemption following a Credit Event  
If "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, then the amounts payable 
under the Credit Linked Notes will be determined on the basis of the final price determined pursuant to 
the auction procedure set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (then available 
at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website)). In respect of specified 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, provided that the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee determines that an applicable auction will be held, an auction final price determination date 
will occur. Credit losses determined pursuant to a market auction process may be greater or less than the 
losses which would have been determined in the absence of the auction. In particular, the auction process 
may be affected by technical factors or operational errors, which would not otherwise apply or may be 
the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. The administrator(s) specified in the auction settlement

--- Page 83 ---
Risk Factors 
 
83 
 
terms conduct auctions. Investors are subject to the risk that where a final price is determined in 
accordance with an auction, this may result in a lower recovery value than an obligation of the Reference 
Entity would have had if such final price had been determined pursuant to alternative methods. In 
addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may amend the form of auction settlement 
terms for a particular auction. The DC Rules provide for certain amendments by resolution of a convened 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. Other amendments may be made subject to a public 
comment period; however, the DC Rules permit the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
forego a public comment period by supermajority action. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction will be on similar terms to the form 
of auction settlement terms or the terms of previous auctions. 
Where the only relevant Credit Event is a restructuring, several concurrent but separate auctions may 
occur with respect to the Reference Entity and such Credit Event. The auction settlement amount may 
be based on the price of one or more obligations of the Reference Entity having a final maturity date 
different from the restructured obligation. 
Although auctions can generally be expected to be held for Reference Entities that are widely traded in 
the credit markets, there can be no assurance that an auction will be held for future Credit Events or that, 
if held, the auction will result in the determination of an auction final price. If an auction is not held or 
fails to result in the determination of an auction final price (as might occur if an auction is cancelled by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee due, for example, to an inability to obtain the requisite 
number of initial bids) and if "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, 
then the "Fallback Redemption Method" shall apply which, depending on the nature of the Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed, may be cash redemption, or physical redemption. In such circumstances of cash 
redemption, the final price will be determined pursuant to the valuation method specified in the Credit 
Linked Notes.  
Investors should carefully assess and understand the elections specified in relation to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes and the circumstances and/or events as described above, which may affect the value of, 
and return on, such Credit Linked Notes. 
Risks relating to physical redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable 
Where "Physical Redemption" or "LA Physical Redemption" applies to Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer 
must select obligations of the Reference Entity that satisfy specified criteria and deliver those obligations 
to the investor in an amount determined in accordance with the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Investors should be aware that physical redemption may not be possible to accomplish under some 
circumstances, including where the Issuer is unable to procure the specified or selected deliverable 
obligation(s) due to market dislocations or prior redemptions or refinancings by the Reference Entity, 
failure to receive necessary transfer consents (such as from a borrower or agent) or delays in receiving 
such consents, or court orders prohibiting transfers of an obligation. In such event, the terms of the Credit 
Linked Notes may provide the Issuer with alternative methods of settlement or permit partial cash 
settlement subject to certain conditions or specify other fallback consequences which may include 
redemption by way of payment of a cash amount. Further, where "Physical Redemption" applies and if 
all or any part of the Physical Redemption Assets that would be required to be Delivered to a Noteholder 
is not a whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical Redemption Assets 
at the relevant time of Delivery, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer will only Deliver the 
portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer which is as large a size as possible but 
less than the full Physical Redemption Assets, after consideration of such smallest unit or units of transfer 
and application of rounding. The value of the undelivered obligations will be deemed to be zero and the 
Issuer's obligations to an investor in respect of such portion shall be fully and effectively discharged in 
such circumstances.

--- Page 84 ---
Risk Factors 
 
84 
 
Investors should understand the terms of the obligation and applicable securities laws as these may 
restrict their ability to take delivery of Deliverable Obligations. Investors should also note that delivery 
expenses will be taken into account in determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount of the relevant Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered. 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
If "2014 Reference Entity" applies, the outstanding principal balance of a deliverable obligation is 
determined by calculating (i) the amount of all principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity in 
respect of such obligation, minus (ii) any unwind costs, any delivery expenses, any interest suspension 
shortfall amounts and any portion of such principal payment obligations that are subject to a contingency 
(other than certain permitted contingencies) or prohibited action (the amount determined in sub-
paragraph (i) above less any amounts subtracted in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, being the 
"Non-Contingent Amount") and thereafter determining the lowest amount of the claim that could be 
validly asserted against a Reference Entity in respect of such Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation 
was redeemed or accelerated. If "2003 Reference Entity" applies, the outstanding principal balance of a 
deliverable obligation will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, and will similarly deduct any unwind costs, any delivery expenses and 
any interest suspension shortfall amounts. Accordingly, if payments of principal are subject to a 
contingency, the outstanding principal balance could be less than the principal balance (and depending 
upon the type of contingency, could even be zero). 
The quantum of the claim will be normally determined in accordance with any applicable law that reduce 
or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation. 
Where the "2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)" 
and "Fallback Discounting" both apply and if certain other conditions are met (being (a) the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted in accordance with applicable law and 
(b) the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under a Loan is less than 95 per cent. of the principal 
redemption amount or principal repayment amount (as applicable), and in each case, there are no 
provisions relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early 
redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for such Bond or Loan, as applicable), 
the Outstanding Principal Balance would instead be the lesser of (i) the Non-Contingent Amount and (ii) 
an amount determined by straight line interpolation between (A) the issue price of the Bond or the amount 
advanced under the Loan and (B) the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as 
applicable. In such circumstances, prospective investors should note that upon Delivery by the Issuer of 
impacted Deliverable Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, the amount received by the 
investor would potentially be further reduced which could result in an anticipated par claim being treated 
as less than par. 
Delivery of Loans 
Where physical redemption applies and to the extent investors would be required to receive loans as 
deliverable obligations under a Credit Linked Note, investors should be familiar with the documentation 
and settlement practices of the relevant secondary loan trading markets and applicable laws and 
regulations (including the legal consequences of furnishing or receiving non-public information 
regarding a Reference Entity).  
Provisions of the Reference Entity's credit agreements may affect a party's ability to deliver or receive 
loans, the economic consequences of doing so and whether loans meet deliverability criteria. 
Accordingly, investors should review such agreements carefully, including the provisions governing 
assignments, any collateral allocation mechanisms i.e., a mandatory exchange of obligations for other

--- Page 85 ---
Risk Factors 
 
85 
 
obligations under a credit agreement, not all of which may be deliverable and provisions that may require 
or entitle a lender to advance funds. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
Investors should note that a Payment/Delivery Failure Event will occur where certain relevant definitive 
Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes) and/or the Deliverable Obligation Notice are not delivered or there is a failure to 
duly execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or before any 
Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Obligation that is on or before 
any Delivery Date. In such case, investors should note that the obligations of the Issuer to procure 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and make any payment shall cease until such time, such 
event is cured whereupon deferred delivery shall apply or if "Fallback Cash Redemption" is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms, fallback cash settlement shall apply. Investors will not be entitled to 
any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of such deferred delivery or payment. 
Risks associated with Cash Redemption or LA Cash Redemption following a Credit Event or Risk 
Event, as applicable 
If "Cash Redemption" or "LA Cash Redemption", as applicable, applies to the Credit Linked Notes, then 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, the Calculation Agent will be 
required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the Reference Entity in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that such obligations may 
no longer exist and no qualifying substitute obligations may have been identified, such quotations may 
not be available, or the level of such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in 
the relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of the Reference Entity (for example, 
liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). Moreover, the market value of a Reference Entity's 
obligations may be highly volatile in the period following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable. 
Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of the relevant 
obligation which would be determined by reference to (for example) the present value of related cash 
flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled the disposition of the obligations. Furthermore, 
the price of the selected obligations of the Reference Entity may be deemed to be zero in the event that 
no such quotations are available. Further, valuation of the selected obligations will be determined at a 
particular determination date and as such the recovery price which would be adopted in any loss amount 
or incurred loss amount that would be suffered by an investor following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
or Risk Event, as applicable, will reflect the value of relevant obligations at a given date. As such, the 
exposure to loss suffered by an investor or any principal write-down may be more than that ultimately 
realised by a holder of debt obligations of the Reference Entity, whether by means of enforcement of 
rights following a default or receipt of distributions following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Further, where quotations are sought on an asset package, such asset package may contain assets which 
are hard to value and for which a valuation methodology may not be readily available or suitable, which 
may reduce the value of quotations or the availability of quotations that may otherwise have been 
obtained. Accordingly, investors should note that any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower 
than the value of the relevant obligation (or asset package) which would be determined by reference to 
(for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled 
the disposition of the obligations. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery Redemption may be subject to a fixed recovery 
price

--- Page 86 ---
Risk Factors 
 
86 
 
If "Fixed Recovery Redemption" or "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption" applies to Credit Linked Notes 
and the Credit Event Redemption Amount of the Credit Linked Notes is calculated by reference to a 
fixed recovery price of the obligations of a Reference Entity(ies), the occurrence of a Credit Event or a 
Risk Event, as applicable, may result in the recovery being materially lower than the prevailing price of 
the relevant obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. Investors should note that redemption could 
occur with a Fixed Recovery Percentage set at zero per cent. where the Issue Terms specify accordingly.  
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the occurrence of the Cash Redemption 
Date or the Final Cash Redemption Date, the LA Cash Redemption Date or Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to redeem the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes in full. Investors should be aware that where the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, 
the loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no 
redemption amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Noteholders. Investors accordingly will 
bear the loss of their principal. 
"Cheapest-to-Deliver" risk 
Since the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent has discretion to choose the portfolio of obligations to be 
delivered or valued following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in respect of a Reference 
Entity, it is likely that the portfolio of obligations selected will be obligations of the Reference Entity 
with the lowest anticipated market value that are permitted to be selected pursuant to the terms of the 
Credit Linked Notes. This could result in a lower recovery value and hence greater losses for an investor. 
Obligations of differing maturities, currencies or payment priority (either contractual or under applicable 
insolvency law), among other characteristics, may diverge considerably in market value. Similar 
considerations apply where "Auction Redemption" applies given that the representative transaction that 
is priced in an auction generally allows a choice of deliverable obligations from a final list established 
by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee whereby participating bidders provide two way 
prices. 
Payments of the Credit Linked Notes may be deferred or suspended 
Investors should note that in certain circumstances, for example where (i) a Credit Event has occurred 
and the related credit loss, incurred loss amount or incurred recovery amount (in the case of Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) has not been determined as 
at the relevant Scheduled Maturity Date or the Credit Event Redemption Date may occur after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, (ii) where a potential Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, is determined 
to occur as at the scheduled maturity of the Credit Linked Notes (including Potential Failure to Pay if 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms), (iii) where a DC Credit Event Question has been submitted but the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has not declared a DC Credit Event Announcement, announced 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal (or Resolved not to determine the matters set out in the CE 
Resolution Notice, as applicable), declared a DC No Credit Event Announcement or resolved whether 
or not to convene to resolve any issue or (iv) a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, 
may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within an effective delivery period which may result 
in a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, 
occurring. In such circumstances, payment of the redemption amount of the Credit Linked Notes and/or 
interest on the Credit Linked Notes may be deferred for a material period in whole or part without 
compensation to an investor. In such circumstances, the Issuer is not obliged to take any action with 
respect to redemption in relation to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and no additional interest shall be 
payable to an investor in connection with such tolling or suspension of payments, including any final

--- Page 87 ---
Risk Factors 
 
87 
 
redemption amount. Once the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal (or, where applicable, a Resolution not to determine the matters set out in the CE Resolution 
Notice) has occurred, the relevant timing requirements that pertain to settlement that have previously 
tolled or been suspended shall resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by 
ISDA or the DC Secretary, as applicable, with the Issuer having the benefit of the full day 
notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay 
Investors should note that where it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to an 
event beyond the control of the Issuer including, without limitation, a failure by the investor to provide 
account details of its designee) or for a Noteholder to accept payment of (due to an event beyond the 
control of such Noteholder), the obligation of the Issuer to pay any amount scheduled to be paid will be 
postponed until such time that the event no longer exists or is cured but where the event continues to 
exist on the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, no such payment will be made by the Issuer and the Issuer's 
obligations to the investor will be deemed to be fully discharged as of that date. Any postponement or 
deemed discharge of payment will not constitute an Event of Default hereunder (as defined in General 
Condition 9(a) (Events of Default)) and will not entitle the relevant investors to any additional interest or 
other payment as a result thereof. 
Determination of Event Determination Dates and Credit Event Redemption Dates post Scheduled 
Maturity Date 
Investors should note that, depending on whether "2003 Reference Entity" or "2014 Reference Entity" 
applies, an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, which would 
give rise to a redemption could occur as a result of notices being provided during the prescribed notice 
delivery period or post dismissal additional period which may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or, in some cases 14 calendar days after the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement as a result of 
requests submitted after the Scheduled Maturity Date by market participants to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to be 
convened to deliberate an issue. The Scheduled Maturity Date of the Credit Linked Note may also be 
extended where the last relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off 
Date with respect to physical redemption, the last Payment Failure Cut-Off Date or the RMB Currency 
Settlement Cut-Off Date occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date (including any final Partial Cash 
Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date, as applicable). In each of these circumstances, 
the scheduled maturity date of the Credit Linked Notes will be extended and investors should note that 
the final redemption amounts, if any would be payable on a date later than the Scheduled Maturity Date 
and no additional interest shall be payable to an investor in connection with such tolling or suspension 
of payments, including any final redemption amount. 
Adjustments and amendments 
Investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes may be subject to amendments without consent of the 
investors, where an Event Determination Date is deemed either to have occurred on a date that is different 
from the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date or not to have occurred. 
Certain DC resolutions may reverse prior DC resolutions or the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date that has resulted in the identification of Successors, Substitute Reference Obligations 
or the occurrence of an Auction Final Price Determination Date, Physical Redemption Date, Valuation 
Date or Delivery Date, as applicable and depending on the circumstances, may have the effect of 
reversing the economic impact for the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that in these 
circumstances, the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion will determine the adjustment 
payment, if any, that is payable to investors, the date the adjustment payment is payable and no accruals

--- Page 88 ---
Risk Factors 
 
88 
 
of interest, if any, shall be taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment and when 
making such adjustments, no further consent of the Noteholder shall be required.  
Further, investors should note that the Calculation Agent may from time to time, without obtaining the 
consent of the Noteholders, amend provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions in any manner which the 
Calculation Agent determines (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) is necessary or desirable (i) 
to incorporate and/or reflect (a) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time published 
by ISDA with respect to the documentation or redemption of Credit Linked Notes and/or (b) the operation 
or application of determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and/or (ii) to 
account for market practice to be reflected in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Any such amendment 
may affect the value of, and return on, the Credit Linked Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent and one or more of their affiliates is a leading dealer in 
the credit derivatives market. If "Auction Redemption" is applicable under the Credit Linked Notes and 
an auction is held in respect of a Reference Entity for which a Credit Event has occurred, there is a high 
probability that the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent or one of their affiliates would act as a 
participating bidder in any such auction. In such capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence 
the final price determined pursuant to the auction, including, without limitation, (i) submitting bids, offers 
and physical settlement requests (either on its or their own behalf or on behalf of customers) with respect 
to the relevant deliverable obligations and (ii) providing rates of conversion to determine the applicable 
currency conversion rates to be used to convert any obligations that are not denominated in the auction 
currency into such currency for the purposes of the auction. In deciding whether to take any such action, 
or whether to act as a participating bidder in any auction, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent 
or one or more of their affiliates (as applicable) shall be under no obligation to consider the interests of 
any investors and the effects of their participation may have a material adverse effect on the value of a 
Credit Linked Note. 
The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent or one or more of their respective 
affiliates may also be a voting member on one or more of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees responsible for determining the occurrence of Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, 
for the purposes of certain credit derivatives transactions and may take certain actions that may influence 
the process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. Such entities 
may also have an inherent conflict of interest in the outcome of any such determinations. The actions 
taken by such entities may also be adverse to the interests of an investor and may result in an economic 
benefit accruing to the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent or one or more 
of their respective affiliates. In performing any duty under the DC Rules that govern the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent, the Determination 
Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates shall have no obligation however to consider the 
interests of an investor and may ignore any conflict of interests arising in respect of the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or the Determination Agent and/or their 
respective affiliates may also have an interest in data sources that publish credit indices and may 
participate, together with other dealers, in the process or advisory committees by which the index sponsor 
determines the composition of the Index CDS (as defined below) and makes certain other determinations 
with respect to the index, including the removal of Reference Entities or reference obligations from the 
Index CDS or to determine changes in the composition of indices. The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the 
Calculation Agent and/or the Determination Agent and/or their respective affiliates may also participate 
and vote in committees affecting the credit default swap industry generally. By virtue of such 
participation in each of the circumstances described above, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent,

--- Page 89 ---
Risk Factors 
 
89 
 
the Determination Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates has no obligation to consider the 
interests of any investor in their actions and decisions and investors should note that the activities of the 
Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or the Determination Agent and/or their respective 
affiliates as described herein may present a conflict between the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent, 
the Determination Agent and/or their respective affiliates' obligations and the interests of an investor 
under the Credit Linked Notes.  
The Issuer, the Dealer, the Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent may have dealings and 
information in relation to Reference Entities 
The Issuer, the Dealer, the Determination Agent and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective 
affiliates may, now or in the future, deal in obligations of the Reference Entities, make equity investments 
in a Reference Entity, engage in business with a Reference Entity, its affiliates and its competitors or any 
other person or entity having obligations relating to a Reference Entity, including making loans to, or 
otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking or 
other business, including asset management or other advisory services, including merger and acquisition 
or bankruptcy-related advisory services. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Determination Agent, the Calculation 
Agent and/or their respective affiliates may also participate in loan restructurings or recapitalisations that 
may affect the Credit Linked Note and any reference obligations. In such circumstances, the Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Determination Agent and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may act 
with respect to such dealings, business and advisory freely and without accountability to any investor in 
the same manner as if the Credit Linked Notes did not exist, and any such action might have an adverse 
effect on any investor (including, without limitation, any action that might give rise to a Credit Event or 
Risk Event, as applicable). 
The Issuer, the Determination Agent and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may 
be, whether by virtue of the types of relationships described above or otherwise, at any time, in possession 
of information in relation to any Reference Entity (or any obligations thereof) which is or may be material 
in the context of the Credit Linked Notes and which is or may not be known to the general public or 
Noteholders. The Credit Linked Notes do not create any obligation to disclose to Noteholders any such 
relationship or information (whether or not confidential), notwithstanding that any such relationship or 
information may have an adverse impact on the value of, and return on, the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Credit Linked Notes do not represent an interest in obligations of Reference Entities 
The Credit Linked Notes do not represent or convey any interest in any obligations of Reference Entities 
or any direct or indirect obligation of any Reference Entity to an investor. The Issuer is not an agent of 
any investor for any purpose and an investor will not have rights equivalent to those of a holder of debt 
obligations of a Reference Entity, such as voting rights or rights to receive consent fees or other 
distributions from a Reference Entity. For example, if a restructuring occurs with respect to a Reference 
Entity, the investor, unlike a holder of a Reference Entity's obligations, will have no right to challenge 
or participate in any element of the restructuring. If the Issuer is the owner of one or more obligations of 
a Reference Entity, it may exercise its voting or control rights or otherwise act in its capacity as holder 
of such obligations without regard to the interests of an investor, and such actions could adversely affect 
the Credit Linked Notes held by an investor. Consequently, the investor's purchase of the Credit Linked 
Notes may be riskier than a direct investment in the obligations of a Reference Entity. The purchase of a 
Credit Linked Note differs from an offering of new obligations by a Reference Entity in that none of the 
subscription moneys paid with respect to the Credit Linked Note will go to a Reference Entity. The Issuer 
in addition does not grant any security interest over any such obligations of the Reference Entity.  
Operational risks and notices

--- Page 90 ---
Risk Factors 
 
90 
 
The Credit Linked Notes may require that certain notices be given in order to exercise rights, realize 
value or protect and preserve interests under the Credit Linked Notes, including but not limited to notices 
to investors by the Issuer of the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, or that 
describes a succession together with supporting information, the choice of obligations to be delivered or 
valued, certain potential Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable and the exercise of the right to utilize 
parallel auctions in the case of certain restructuring Credit Events and in the case of Physical Redemption, 
the provision of a Deliverable Obligation Notice by an investor.  
Investors should have arrangements for delivering and receiving such notices and monitoring the actions 
of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, and be prepared to take the necessary or 
appropriate steps when it receives such notices or learn of such actions where an investor needs to take 
action pursuant to such notice. Failure to take the relevant steps or actions within the requisite time 
periods could adversely affect an investor's interests under a Credit Linked Note.  
Investors should note that in some cases, determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee may substitute for a required notice, modify the effect of a previously delivered notice or 
alter the period during which a notice may be delivered which may impact on timings of notices provided 
by the Issuer. 
Investors should further note that where any notice is required to be delivered by the Issuer to investors, 
such notices shall be deemed to have been delivered to investors upon delivery of such notice to the 
Fiscal Agent by the Issuer. The failure of the Fiscal Agent to deliver any such notice to Noteholders shall 
not affect however (i) the effectiveness of any notice delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
and/or the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent (ii) the effectiveness of any determinations made by any of them or 
(iii) the right of the Issuer to redeem (whether in whole or in part) the Credit Linked Notes or to write 
down any aggregate principal notional of the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to and in accordance with 
the relevant Credit Linked Conditions.  
Where the relevant notice is to be provided by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Fiscal Agent, 
investors should note that a failure by any of such parties to deliver the relevant notices or any decision 
by any of them not to deliver a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice to the investor shall not 
constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Credit Linked Notes.  
Interpretation of terms 
The terms of the Credit Linked Notes are subject to interpretation and further evolution. In some 
instances, the views of market participants may differ as to how the terms of specific credit provisions 
should be interpreted in the context of specific events, entities and obligations in comparison to that of a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or Calculation Agent where applicable. Accordingly, the 
consequences resulting from the interpretation of various terms could vary in the context of the Credit 
Linked Notes and result in unexpected losses, redemption, write-down, reduction in interest and other 
economic impact for an investor.  
Foreign exchange risks 
Investors should note that in certain circumstances, a currency conversion may be required to effect 
certain determinations, calculations in relation to any payment or delivery obligation with respect to the 
Credit Linked Notes. Delivery of an underlying obligation denominated in a currency that is different 
from the settlement currency of the Credit Linked Notes will have effects similar to a currency 
conversion. Investors should note that with respect to any auction in connection with Auction 
Redemption, the relevant exchange rates to be applied with respect to the auction, where relevant will be 
set by the auction administrators prior to any auction final price determination date. In such

--- Page 91 ---
Risk Factors 
 
91 
 
circumstances, the Credit Linked Notes will have foreign exchange rate risk, which may have an adverse 
impact on the value of, and return on, the Credit Linked Notes. 
Discretionary powers of the Calculation Agent 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event 
or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to 
be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding on the Issuer and any Noteholder. In performing its duties pursuant to the Credit Linked 
Notes and making any determinations expressed to be made by it, the Calculation Agent shall either act 
in its sole and absolute discretion or act in a commercially reasonable manner, depending on the election 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Where the Calculation Agent acts in its sole and absolute 
discretion, it is under no obligation to act in the interests of any investor, nor will it be liable to account 
for any profit or other benefit which may accrue to it as a result of such determinations. Any 
determinations made or actions taken by the Calculation Agent may have an adverse impact on the value 
of, and return on, the Notes. 
Risks relating to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The likelihood of a Credit Event occurring with respect to the nth Reference Entity is affected 
significantly by the default correlation among the Reference Entities. Accordingly, the value of an Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note at any time will depend significantly on expectations about default 
correlation at that time, in addition to the valuation factors described above in the risk factor entitled 
"Volatile prices" related to Credit Linked Notes generally. Moreover, because of the difficulty of 
predicting the likelihood that a given number of Reference Entities will default, the value of an Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Note is subject to "model risk" – i.e., the risk that the model used by a 
party will fail to accurately predict the likelihood that the applicable number of Reference Entities 
default, causing unpredictable outcomes to potentially result in significant losses for an investor. See 
"Risks relating to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes" below. 
Noteholders should carefully review the terms of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note relating 
to: (i) whether and how substitution of a Reference Entity occurs upon certain events such as the 
determination of a Successor resulting in repetition of a Reference Entity in the basket of Reference 
Entities; (ii) how events that result in two or more Successors are addressed; and (iii) the manner and 
order in which defaulting Reference Entities are counted. These terms, as well as the provisions relating 
to the designation of a Successor, may affect the correlation among the Reference Entities and the number 
and timing of defaults that are deemed to have occurred. 
Risks relating to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
With respect to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
investors should note that they could be exposed to significant losses which may result from changes in 
the market's perception of the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities. The market's perception 
of the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities may be highly volatile and may change very 
rapidly following the availability of new information. Investors should refer to the risk factors entitled 
"Credit risk of the Reference Entity", "Jurisdictional differences and assessment of Reference Entity", 
"Actions of Reference Entities", "Historical performance may not predict future performance", and 
"Concentrated credit risk where Reference Entities are concentrated in the same sectors or regions". 
Investors should carefully review the list of Reference Entities that constitute the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, and evaluate whether such 
exposure meets its stated objectives and is representative of the market to which exposure is required.

--- Page 92 ---
Risk Factors 
 
92 
 
Investors should note that an investment in relation to a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entities may have 
significantly less liquidity than there is for an investment in an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note 
which is based on a standardised Index CDS and accordingly there may be no, or a limited, secondary 
market in such Credit Linked Notes.  
Risks relating to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Investors could be exposed to significant losses which may result from changes in the market's perception 
of the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities within the relevant index. The Reference 
Entities included in an Index CDS will typically have certain specified characteristics in common, such 
as type of obligor (e.g., corporate, municipal or sovereign); geographic region (e.g., North America, 
Europe, Asia or emerging markets); and/or credit rating category (e.g., investment grade or high yield). 
These characteristics may be relevant to the probability of a Credit Event occurring under the Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, as Credit Events 
may be more likely for Reference Entities with certain of these characteristics than for others. The 
market's perception of the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities may be highly volatile and 
may change very rapidly following the availability of new information. The market for Index CDSs has 
been subject to significant distortions from time to time in the past as a result of the actions of one or a 
small number of market participants that may take large positions in an Index CDS. These distortions 
have in the past led, and may in the future lead, to a high degree of volatility, as well as a wide and 
potentially unsustainable divergence between the market price of Index CDSs and the price that would 
be expected based on the market price of credit default swaps on the underlying Reference Entities. The 
Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates' trading activities 
may represent a significant portion of the market for particular Index CDS and, the Issuer, the Dealer, 
the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates may be a contributor to such volatility 
and distortions. Accordingly, investors should note that they could be exposed to the volatility with 
respect to the Index CDS which could have an impact on the market value of the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, over time.  
Given that the risks of an Index CDS will vary depending on the characteristics of the underlying 
Reference Entities, investors should carefully review the list of Reference Entities that constitute the 
Index CDS referenced in the Issue Terms and evaluate whether such exposure meets its stated objectives 
and is representative of the market to which exposure is required. In addition, investors should understand 
that the Reference Entities in an index of investment grade Reference Entities may be investment grade 
rated only at inception of the index or relevant series of the index, and that such Reference Entities may 
be downgraded thereafter.  
Investors should also note that there is no guarantee that there will be a liquid market for any particular 
Index CDS. An index sponsor may publish a new series of an underlying index from time to time (for 
example, every six months). Market liquidity is often concentrated in the most recent series and may 
decline for a given Index CDS when a new series of the index is published. 
Investors should note that the index sponsor may calculate the published spread or price for an Index 
CDS based on a poll of dealers. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates may be one of the dealers polled by the index sponsor and, if so, the actions of the Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates in such circumstances could 
affect the published spread or price. In addition, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or 
more of their respective affiliates may participate, together with other dealers, in the process or advisory 
committees by which the index sponsor determines the composition of the Index CDS and makes certain 
other determinations with respect to the index, including the removal of Reference Entities or reference 
obligations from the Index CDS. In taking any such actions, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent

--- Page 93 ---
Risk Factors 
 
93 
 
or one or more of their respective affiliates has no obligation to consider the interests of any investor 
under the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable. 
Investors should therefore be aware that any such action by the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent 
or one or more of their respective affiliates could affect the Index CDS and therefore also adversely affect 
the market value of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
as applicable. See also "Potential conflicts of interest" above.  
Unless stated otherwise in the Issue Terms, a Merger Event will not apply to any Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and therefore such Credit Linked Notes will 
not early redeem where a Reference Entity becomes an affiliate of the protection seller or one such entity 
merges with or makes a substantial asset transfer to the other. 
In addition, investors are exposed to losses arising from Credit Events in relation to Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes only to the extent that aggregate losses 
exceed the "attachment point" but remain less than the "detachment point" of the tranche. The likelihood 
that an investor will be exposed to losses is therefore greater for more subordinated tranches (i.e. those 
with a lower attachment point in relation to portfolio size). 
In addition, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable (other than the most senior tranches) are leveraged instruments because investors may incur 
losses on an accelerated basis relative to aggregate losses on the portfolio. Investors will not owe any 
payment for losses unless and until aggregate losses on the portfolio exceed the attachment point, but 
investors will be exposed to losses equal to the entire notional amount of the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes (as applicable) if aggregate losses on the 
portfolio reach the detachment point. Therefore, the smaller the tranche size relative to the implied 
notional amount of the entire portfolio, the greater the degree of leverage. For any given portfolio of 
Reference Entities, the lower the attachment point and the greater the leverage, the greater the risk for 
the investor where acting as though it were a protection seller. However, this does not mean that the most 
senior tranches present low risks for protection sellers.  
The value of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable, will be influenced by the valuation factors described above in the risk factor entitled "Volatile 
prices" described above but in addition, the value of such Credit Linked Note will be influenced by 
expectations about "default correlation," among other model-dependent factors. Default correlation 
refers to the likelihood of any given number of Reference Entities experiencing a Credit Event over any 
given time period. Changes in default correlation affect tranches of different seniority differently. In 
general, from the perspective of an investor acting as though it were a protection seller, holding all other 
factors constant: (i) a decrease in default correlation will decrease the value of the most junior tranche 
(i.e., the tranche with the lowest attachment point), because it will represent an increase in the expected 
probability of losses on that tranche; (ii) an increase in default correlation will decrease the value of the 
most senior tranche (i.e., the tranche with the highest attachment point), because it will represent an 
increase in the expected probability of losses on that tranche; and (iii) any increase or decrease in default 
correlation may either increase or decrease the value of mezzanine tranches (i.e., tranches between the 
most junior and most senior tranches), depending on a complex interplay of various factors.  
The degree of default correlation among the Reference Entities in a given portfolio may be influenced 
by numerous factors, including whether the Reference Entities operate in similar industries or geographic 
regions and whether the Reference Entities have similar levels of leverage (i.e., debt relative to equity). 
Default correlation tends to increase during economic downturns and decrease during periods of 
economic growth. Accordingly, although the most senior tranches are generally less risky to a protection 
seller than the most junior tranches, in certain circumstances (including during an economic downturn), 
the most senior tranches will tend to lose value from the perspective of the protection seller at a faster

--- Page 94 ---
Risk Factors 
 
94 
 
rate than the most junior tranches. In circumstances where Reference Entities in a portfolio are widely 
affected, a protection seller under a senior tranche may incur losses equal to the entire notional amount, 
in which case the senior tranche will prove to have been no less risky than junior tranches. Default 
correlation may change significantly, and in some cases abruptly, with changes in market conditions.  
Default correlation is difficult to estimate, and different market participants may calculate it in different 
ways and may change the ways in which they calculate it over time which may be adverse to an investor 
in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, as applicable. 
Accordingly, the valuation of such Credit Linked Notes is subject to "model risk" (i.e., the risk that a 
valuation model does not accurately depict the value of a tranche or the relationship between tranche 
values) which may result in significant losses where certain strategies based on modelled relations 
between the values of tranches break down. 
The terms and conditions of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, as applicable, may provide for changes in the constituents of the index or portfolio of Reference 
Entities, as applicable, upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the determination of a Successor. 
These changes may affect the level of default correlation among the Reference Entities in the portfolio 
and, therefore, the value of such Credit Linked Notes.  
Investors should note that an investment in relation to Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note which is 
based on a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entity may have significantly less liquidity than there is for 
an investment in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note which references a standardised Index CDS. 
Accordingly, the valuation of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note which is more bespoke may be 
more complex and introduces greater model risk than the Index Tranched Credit Linked Note. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes – adjustments 
Investors should further note that in the case of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, if a DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a component 
Reference Entity of the relevant Index, such Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the creation of a "New Single Name Credit Linked 
Note" having economic terms as closely as possible preserving the economic equivalent of the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes immediately before the DC Credit Event Announcement which may be redeemed 
following exercise in accordance with the terms of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes. Any such 
amendment may adversely affect investors. 
Risks relating to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes 
Local access risks  
Credit Linked Notes may reference the Reference Investor Assets of either a single Reference Entity, in 
the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes, or two or more Reference Entities, in the 
case of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, incorporated in or from a local access jurisdiction. An 
investment in such Credit Linked Notes involves risks associated with such jurisdictions, including 
potential risks of volatility, governmental intervention and the lack of a developed system of law.  
Investors should note that it is a general feature of local access jurisdictions that they may be subject to 
rapid change and the risks involved may also change relatively quickly. With respect to any local access 
nation, there is the possibility of nationalisation, expropriation or confiscation, political changes, 
government regulation, social instability or other developments (including war) which could affect 
adversely the economies of such nations and/or the foreign exchange rates. Political or economic

--- Page 95 ---
Risk Factors 
 
95 
 
instability may affect investor confidence, which could in turn have a negative impact on the value of the 
Reference Investor Assets of the local access Reference Entity or its creditworthiness and on foreign 
exchange markets. 
Conditions in local access countries are associated with higher risks of the occurrence of a Risk Event, 
which may occur together with circumstances that would restrict the deliverability of any Reference 
Asset, or which may result in especially adverse pricing and liquidity conditions in which a market value 
for such Reference Asset is to be determined. 
Local access debt typically comprises debt issued by non-highly rated issuers in respect of whom the 
possibility of default is greater than investment grade issuers. Local access considerations, in addition to 
and in combination with other conditions affecting the creditworthiness of a Reference Entity (including 
those resulting in a local access Reference Entity experiencing financial or economic difficulties), may 
significantly affect (i) the value of, and (ii) any amounts paid on, its Obligation(s) and/or any Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or any Deliverable Obligation(s) and/or Reference Asset(s) (if any), each or all of 
which may be reduced to zero. 
Local access debt may be difficult to buy and/or sell, particularly during adverse market conditions, and 
prices may be more volatile. In addition, settlement of trades in emerging or developing countries may 
be slower and more likely to be subject to failure than in more developed markets. This will affect the 
ability of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) to obtain prices for the Obligation(s) 
of the Reference Entity or any Reference Obligation(s) or any Deliverable Obligation(s) or any Reference 
Asset(s) (if any). 
Risk Events  
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes may be 
redeemed pursuant to the occurrence of any Credit Event or an Additional Risk Event (together, the 
"Risk Events") in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, in either case, unless the Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are fixed recovery, on 
the value of certain specified assets of any such Reference Entities or where, if any of such events has 
occurred, on settlement the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets. Any such settlement 
will be reduced to take into account any Unwind Costs and so will depend upon the level of such Unwind 
Costs. 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes to the extent that such events apply in the applicable Issue Terms. Prospective investors should 
note that not all possible Additional Risk Events are related directly to default or credit risk in respect of 
a Reference Entity or default in respect of the Reference Investor Assets and such Additional Risk Events 
may include, without limitation, the occurrence of one or more of the following: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event – the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any 
event or condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or of 
prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert 
currency; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to 
residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate 
any funds from accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference 
Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full 
value of any cash payment made under the Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction 
after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental Authority of a new currency

--- Page 96 ---
Risk Factors 
 
96 
 
regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or the imposition of currency 
exchange limitations; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event – the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or 
impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability 
of, any Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner 
of any Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof;  
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event – (i) the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
the bankruptcy of any Custodian or (ii) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets owned by a 
Reference Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (A) fails to perform 
in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed under any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement, or (B) fails to take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor, 
or (C) takes any action which is contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement; in each case that affects or may affect, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the 
Issuer's obligations with respect to the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note(s) or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note(s); 
(d) 
a Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event – in respect of Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes only, the delivery after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of a notification from 
the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and absolute discretion) to the Issuer that it has 
determined that the weighted average of the Reference Assets Liquidation Value of the 
Reference Assets of each Reference Entity then comprising the Reference Registry is equal to 
or less than the Reference Assets Trigger Level of the aggregate Settlement Currency Principal 
Amount of all Reference Assets; 
(e) 
a Non-Viability Trigger Event – the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
such event as defined under and occurring pursuant to the terms of the Reference Assets 
Conditions relating to the relevant Reference Asset (including (i) any relevant authority having 
decided that without a conversion or write-off with respect to the Reference Entity, the 
Reference Entity would become non-viable; (ii) any relevant authority having decided that a 
public sector injection of capital or equivalent support is necessary with respect to the Reference 
Entity, without which the Reference Entity would become non-viable; (iii) any relevant capital 
adequacy ratio with respect to the Reference Entity falling below the relevant percentage and/or 
threshold prescribed in the Reference Assets Conditions and/or (iv) any other events (however 
described) which are similar in nature to the events described in (i) to (iii)), provided that the 
Calculation Agent may determine any such event under and occurring pursuant to the terms of 
the Reference Assets Conditions relating to such Reference Assets and/or the Reference Entity 
constitutes a Non-Viability Trigger Event;  
(f) 
a Market Value Trigger Event – the delivery after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of a 
notification from the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and absolute discretion) to the Issuer 
that it has determined that on any Business Day the Fair Market Value of the Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, 
is equal to, or less than, the Market Value Trigger Level of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of such Credit Linked Notes on such date;  
(g) 
a Reference Assets Restructuring Event – the cancellation, reduction, suspension or deferral (in 
whole or in part) after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any interest, dividend or any 
other form of distribution in respect of the Reference Assets underlying the Local Access Single

--- Page 97 ---
Risk Factors 
 
97 
 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, on the 
due date for payment thereof (whether under the Reference Assets Conditions or otherwise) or, 
in respect of such Reference Assets, a reduction in its rate of interest, dividend or distribution 
from the rate of interest, divided or distribution applicable to such Reference Assets on the Issue 
Date, in each case for any reason whatsoever; and 
(h) 
any other Additional Risk Event specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.   
The loss incurred by an investor may be unrelated to or disproportionate in comparison with the 
Additional Risk Event itself. Moreover, the Calculation Agent may designate an Additional Risk Event, 
which could cause such losses to be incurred by an investor, if the Additional Risk Event occurs at any 
time during the term of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, whether or not the Additional Risk Event is ongoing or effective or has been 
remedied or cured at the time such designation has been made. 
Risks relating to Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes which are 
also Zero Coupon Notes 
If an Event Determination Date occurs, in determining the Credit Event Redemption Amount, the 
Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, will be multiplied by (i) (a) the Applicable Proportion 
or (b) if "Premium Accreted Amount" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the 
Applicable Proportion and the Premium Accreted Amount and (iii) the Zero Coupon Percentage, prior 
to the deduction of any Unwind Costs. The Zero Coupon Percentage is the percentage specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, unless a different amount is so specified, will be a percentage equal to the 
Issue Price of the Notes. Where the Notes are issued at a discount to their Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount or the Zero Coupon Percentage is specified to be a percentage less than 100 per cent., the Auction 
Redemption Amount or Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, will be determined by reference to an 
amount less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes and will therefore be less 
than the amount which would be determined in relation to a Credit Linked Note which is not a Zero 
Coupon Note. 
In addition, if an Event Determination Date occurs, whether any amount in respect of premium is payable 
shall depend on whether “Premium Accreted Amount” is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where "Premium Accreted Amount" applies, an amount equal to the sum of the Applicable Percentage 
for the relevant Notes and the Premium Accreted Amount (the "Total Accreted Amount") will be used 
to determine the Auction Redemption Amount or Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable. Where the 
Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable is multiplied by the Total Accreted Amount, then an 
amount will be paid to Noteholders with respect to the Premium Accreted Amount which, unless the 
Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, is equal to 100 per cent., will be less than the amount 
of interest which would be determined in relation to a Credit Linked Note which is not a Zero Coupon 
Note but which has an interest rate equal to the Amortisation Yield. 
Where the Notes are issued at par and the Zero Coupon Percentage is specified to be a percentage greater 
than 100 per cent., the Auction Redemption Amount or Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, will 
be determined by reference to an amount greater than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Notes and will therefore be greater than the amount which would be determined in relation to a Credit 
Linked Note which is not a Zero Coupon Note. The Auction Redemption Amount of Cash Redemption 
Amount will therefore include an amount in respect of premium which might be more or less than the 
amount of interest which would have been payable in relation to a Credit Linked Note which is not a 
Zero Coupon Note but which has an interest rate equal to the Amortisation Yield. 
Exposure to Reference Asset

--- Page 98 ---
Risk Factors 
 
98 
 
In respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes for which Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, following a Risk Event, the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed by valuation or delivery (as applicable) of the Reference 
Asset in respect of a Reference Entity (rather than obligations of the relevant Reference Entity generally). 
It follows therefore that returns on such Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes may be adversely affected by circumstances affecting the Reference Asset 
even where other obligations of the Reference Entity are not affected. The creditworthiness or market 
value of the relevant Reference Asset may be less favourable than other obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity due to liquidity, marketability, circumstances of origination, legal or validity risks, local 
access risks described below, or one or more other characteristics. Investors in the Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes should understand that their 
recovery in relation to the relevant Reference Asset may be substantially less than for more generally 
representative obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Currency Risks 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes may be 
payable in a currency different from the currency in which a Reference Asset is payable, and may have 
economic features equivalent to a currency derivative in which the cash flows on such Reference Asset 
are exchanged for the specified cash flows payable on the Notes.  
Investors may therefore be exposed to fluctuations in the relevant exchange rate where ongoing 
calculations under the Notes include a currency exchange rate or due to Unwind Costs which may be 
deducted on certain redemptions of the Notes (for example following a Risk Event) and which may 
include one or more components linked to the currency of the Notes and/or a Reference Asset and/or the 
costs of termination or replacement of any such embedded currency derivative and may be substantially 
affected by changes in the relative value of such currencies. 
Exchange rates can be volatile and unpredictable. Investors should be aware of the possibility of 
significant changes in rates of exchange between the currency of the Notes and the currency of a 
Reference Asset. The value of the Notes on any date may be substantially less than would otherwise be 
the case if a currency exchange rate is included in ongoing calculations under the Notes and the currency 
in which a Reference Asset is payable depreciates in value relative to the currency in which the Notes 
are payable or, if the Notes reflect an embedded currency derivative and the currency in which a 
Reference Asset is payable appreciates in value relative to the currency in which the Notes are payable 
(due to the potential deduction of Unwind Costs, which may be substantial, if the Notes are redeemed).  
Prospective investors should in particular be aware that, due to exchange rate fluctuations as well as the 
other risks set out herein and depending upon the terms of the Notes: 
(a) 
the market price of the Notes may be very volatile; 
(b) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(c) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal and/or interest payments;  
(d) 
the relevant currencies may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; and

--- Page 99 ---
Risk Factors 
 
99 
 
(e) 
the timing of changes in a relevant currency may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations.  
In general, the earlier the change in the relevant currency, the greater the effect on yield will be. 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
Where "2014 Reference Entity" applies and the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change 
Event has occurred or exists then any payment or delivery to an investor shall be reduced by an amount 
equal in value to the allocable proportion of the Regulatory Change Cost, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. Investors may therefore receive back less than their initial 
investment or, in the case of redemption following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event, losses may 
be greater than if the investor were to hold obligations of the Reference Entity directly. 
Adjustment in respect of an Interest Tax Deduction Amount or Principal Tax Deduction Amount 
If (i) "2014 Reference Entity" and (ii) "Tax Deduction Event – Principal" and "Tax Deduction Event – 
Interest" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the Calculation Agent determines 
that there would be an Interest Tax Deduction Amount and/or a Principal Tax Deduction Amount in 
respect of amounts that would be received by a Reference Investor in respect of the Reference Investor 
Assets, then any relevant payment of interest or principal (as applicable) or amount of LA Settlement 
Assets to be delivered to Noteholders shall be reduced by an amount (in aggregate as applicable) equal 
in value to the allocable proportion of the Interest Tax Deduction Amount or Principal Tax Deduction 
Amount, as applicable, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Investors may therefore receive less than 
their initial investment or, in the case of redemption following a Risk Event, losses may be greater than 
if the investor were to hold obligations of the Reference Entity directly. 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO INDEX SKEW NOTES 
The Index Skew Notes are linked, through a Hypothetical Skew Transaction constituting a combination 
of (i) an index linked credit derivative transaction ("Index CDS") and (ii) individual credit default swaps 
on the Reference Entities included in the index underlying the Index CDS (the "component CDSs"). 
Where the Issuer is the protection seller under the Index CDS it is the protection buyer under the 
component CDSs, and vice versa. The value of the combined positions reflects the difference (the 
"skew") between the value of the Index CDS and the aggregate value of its component CDSs. Although 
each constituent of the Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to give rise to an equal and opposite 
payment obligation on each Fixed Rate Payer Payment Date, Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement 
Date (as applicable), no actual payments will be due from the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty or vice versa due to the application of payment netting. 
The value of an Index CDS may differ from the aggregate value of its component CDSs for several 
reasons, including (a) differences in liquidity and other characteristics in the markets for the Index CDS 
and the component CDSs; (b) differences in relevant terms of the Index CDS and its component CDSs; 
(c) factors that affect the activities of arbitrageurs; and (d) changes in the default correlation among the 
Reference Entities included in the Index CDS. 
As the notional of the Hypothetical Skew Transactions may be far greater than the principal amount 
issued under the Index Skew Notes, the value of the Index Skew Notes may be very volatile and any 
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount will be linked to, among other things, the difference between the 
pricing of credit protection on the relevant index and the market levels of the constituent single name 
Reference Entities that comprise the relevant index.

--- Page 100 ---
Risk Factors 
 
100 
 
Liquidity differences may make a greater contribution to skew during periods of heightened volatility, 
as the value of the more liquid instrument(s) may change more quickly than the value of the less liquid 
instrument(s). Furthermore, during periods when transaction costs (such as funding costs and bid-ask 
spreads) to market participants increase, skew may become greater, as the increased transaction costs 
may reduce the activities of arbitrageurs (i.e. market participants that seek to profit from the skew and, 
in the process, tend to reduce it). 
Although the payments under a Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to the 
application of payment netting as described above, if the Index Skew Notes were to be redeemed early 
(including pursuant to an Early Redemption Event such as a Section 871(m) Event or a Hedging 
Disruption Early Termination Event), a termination payment would be determined in respect of each 
constituent transaction within the relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions and the aggregate of such 
termination payments may result in an amount being payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty or by the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty to the Issuer which could result in the Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount (as the case may be) due to Noteholders being 
reduced further if the Issuer is required to make a payment to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty for 
such termination payment or if the Issuer is subject to further Unwind Costs. 
In addition, prospective investors in the Index Skew Notes should be aware that no notifications shall be 
given by the Issuer or any other party to Noteholders following the occurrence of a Credit Event. To the 
extent that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that a Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of a particular entity, information will be published on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor 
website). 
RISKS RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under this Base Prospectus. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors.  
Risks relating to Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Risks relating to Inverse Floating Rate Notes  
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a specified reference rate 
(which may be a rate determined by reference to the Floating Rate Note provisions, the CMS Interest 
Linked Note provisions or the Spread Note provisions as specified in the applicable Issue Terms). The 
market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other conventional floating 
rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse 
Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the 
interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further 
adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
New York Law Notes which pay interest at a variable rate 
Any tranche of New York Law Notes with an aggregate principal amount of less than U.S.$2,500,000 is 
subject to usury limits which limit the amount of interest which may be paid on such Notes. In addition 
to any maximum interest rate that may be applicable to any Notes which pay interest at a variable rate, 
the interest rate on such Notes will in no event be higher than the maximum rate permitted by the law of

--- Page 101 ---
Risk Factors 
 
101 
 
the State of New York. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the maximum rate of interest under 
provisions of the New York penal law, with a few exceptions, is 25 per cent. per annum on a simple 
interest basis. 
Range Accrual Notes 
Range Accrual Notes have an interest rate multiplied by an accrual rate which is determined by reference 
to the number of days in the relevant interest period on which one or more accrual condition(s) are 
satisfied. An accrual condition may be satisfied on any relevant day if the relevant reference observation 
is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(a) 
equal to or above the specified barrier; or 
(b) 
above the specified barrier; or  
(c) 
equal to or below the specified barrier; or  
(d) 
below the specified barrier,  
or the relevant reference observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(e) 
either equal to or above, or above, the specified lower range; and  
(f) 
either equal to or below, or below, the specified upper range.  
A reference observation may specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a single reference rate, (ii) a 
basket of two or more reference rates, (iii) the difference between two reference rates, (iv) the difference 
between the sums of two sets of reference rates or (v) a currency exchange rate.  
The interest rate of Range Accrual Notes may be a rate equal to or calculated by reference to a specified 
fixed interest rate, a floating interest rate, CMS swap rate (or if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
either the lesser of or the difference between two CMS swap rates) or a Synthetic Forward Rate.  
The accrual rate may be subject to a cap or a floor and may be multiplied by a leverage factor. 
Therefore, Range Accrual Notes may be subject to variable interest rates, can be volatile instruments and 
may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual Provisions" apply, where 
the accrual factor is greater than the specified protection level, the accrual factor shall be deemed to be 
100 per cent. and the full amount of the interest amount for the relevant interest period will be paid even 
if the relevant accrual condition(s) are not satisfied on each relevant day in the relevant interest period. 
Spread Notes 
Spread Notes have an interest rate determined by reference to any of:  
(a) 
one (1) minus the result of a specified spread rate minus another specified spread rate; or  
(b) 
a specified spread rate minus another specified spread rate; or

--- Page 102 ---
Risk Factors 
 
102 
 
(c) 
the lesser of: (i) a specified spread rate plus or minus a spread cap margin, and (ii) the sum of: 
(A) a specified percentage rate per annum, and (B) the product of (I) a multiplier, and (II) the 
difference between two specified spread rates, 
and, in each case, plus or minus a margin (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by 
an interest participation rate (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
Each of the specified spread rates referred to in the preceding paragraph may be (i) a single specified 
rate, (ii) the sum of more than one specified rate or (iii) one specified rate minus another specified rate.  
Therefore, Spread Notes may be subject to variable interest rates, can be volatile instruments and may 
pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Volatility Bond Notes 
Volatility Bond Notes have an interest rate determined by reference to the absolute value of a specified 
volatility bond rate 1 minus a specified volatility bond rate 2 all, plus or minus a margin (if specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by an interest participation rate (if specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms). Each of the specified volatility bond rates referred to above may be (i) a single specified 
rate, (ii) the sum of more than one specified rate or (iii) one specified rate minus another specified rate, 
each of which may be a fixed interest rate, a floating interest rate, a CMS interest rate or a forward rate.  
Therefore, Volatility Bond Notes may be subject to variable interest rates, can be volatile instruments 
and may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period.  
If the "Shout Option" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, following valid exercise 
of the Shout Option for a relevant interest period by all the Noteholders, the reference rate(s) comprising 
volatility bond rate 1 shall be determined by reference to the implied forward rate for such reference 
rate(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the date on which the Shout Option is exercised. The 
reference rate(s) so determined may result in less interest being paid in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period if the relevant implied forward rate(s) determined on the relevant date are less than the spot 
reference rate(s) which would have been used for the determination of volatility bond rate 1 had the 
Shout Option not been exercised. 
In addition, the Shout Option may only be exercised by the Noteholders of all the notes outstanding on 
the relevant date. If the Shout Option is exercised by less than all the Noteholders on the relevant date, 
any such exercise shall not be valid and the Shout Option shall not be validly exercised. This may result 
in you receiving less interest you would have received had such option been validly exercised by all the 
Noteholders. 
Digital Notes 
Digital Notes have an interest rate which will either be: 
(a) 
the specified back up rate; or  
(b) 
if the specified digital reference rate as of the relevant interest determination date is either, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) less 
than or (iv) less than or equal to the specified reserve rate, the specified digital rate.  
Each of the rates referred to in the preceding paragraph may be (a) a fixed rate or (b) a rate determined 
by reference to the Floating Rate Note provisions, the CMS Interest Linked Note provisions, the Spread

--- Page 103 ---
Risk Factors 
 
103 
 
Note provisions or FX Rate Conditions. Therefore, Digital Notes may be subject to variable interest rates, 
can be volatile instruments and may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Digital Band Notes 
Digital Band Notes have an interest rate (which may be a fixed interest rate, a floating interest rate, a 
CMS interest rate or a rate equal to one specified rate (which may be a floating interest rate or a CMS 
interest rate) minus another specified rate (which may be a floating interest rate or a CMS interest rate)) 
which will be determined in relation to an interest period by reference to within which band either, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(a) 
the specified reference rate falls; or  
(b) 
the result of one specified reference rate minus another specified reference rate falls.  
Each of the specified reference rates referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above may be a rate determined 
by reference to the Floating Rate Note provisions, the CMS Interest Linked Note provisions or FX Rate 
Conditions. 
The interest rate for the interest period will be equal to the rate specified as the band rate for the 
appropriate band within which, in the case of (a) the reference rate falls or, in the case of (b) the result of 
one specified rate minus another specified rate falls. In addition, different reference rates may apply in 
respect of different interest periods and interest payment dates. 
Therefore, Digital Band Notes are subject to the performance of, in the case of (a) the reference rate or, 
in the case of (b) the result of one reference rate minus another reference rate and, as any relevant 
reference rate is a variable interest rate, the Digital Band Notes may be volatile instruments and may pay 
limited or no interest in respect of an interest period.  
Synthetic Forward Rate Notes 
Synthetic Forward Rate Notes have an interest rate determined by reference to a formula similar to the 
determination of a forward rate which aims to provide exposure to specified rate(s) through the formula 
and to provide a higher return than by providing exposure directly to such specified rate(s). However, 
there is no guarantee that such Notes will achieve the expected return. In addition, such Notes may be 
subject to a cap or a floor and may be multiplied by a leverage factor. 
Each of the specified rates referred to in the preceding paragraph may be (i) a single specified rate, (ii) 
the sum of more than one specified rate or (iii) one specified rate minus another specified rate which, in 
each case, may be (a) a fixed rate or (b) a rate determined by reference to the Floating Rate Note 
provisions or the CMS Interest Linked Note provisions. 
Therefore, Synthetic Forward Rate Notes may be subject to variable interest rate, can be volatile 
instruments and may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Previous Coupon Linked Notes 
Previous Coupon Linked Notes are Notes which have an interest rate (a "Previous Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate") determined from a previous coupon reference rate, plus or minus a margin (if specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by an interest participation rate (if specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms). The previous coupon reference rate for an interest period is a rate equal to: (a) 
the interest rate for the immediately preceding interest period and/or interest payment date (such rate, a

--- Page 104 ---
Risk Factors 
 
104 
 
"Previous Coupon", such period, a "Preceding Interest Period" and such payment date, "Preceding 
Payment Date"), (b) plus or minus a specified rate (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms) multiplied 
by an interest participation rate (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and (c) plus or minus another 
specified rate (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms) multiplied by an interest participation rate (if 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms). The Previous Coupon for a Preceding Interest Period and/or 
Preceding Payment Date (as applicable) is the interest rate determined in accordance with the interest 
basis applicable to such Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding Payment Date, which may be the 
Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate determined for the Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding 
Payment Date where the interest basis applicable to such Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding 
Payment Date is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as Previous Coupon Linked Notes. 
The Previous Coupon for a Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding Payment Date (as applicable) may 
also be a fixed interest rate (if the applicable interest basis for such Preceding Interest Period and/or 
Preceding Payment Date is Fixed Rate Notes), floating interest rate (if the applicable interest basis for 
such Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding Payment Date is Floating Rate Notes), a CMS interest 
rate (if the applicable interest basis for such Preceding Interest Period and/or Preceding Payment Date is 
CMS Interest Linked Notes) or any other rate of interest determined in accordance with the applicable 
interest basis for such Preceding Interest Period and/or such Preceding Payment Date. 
A specified rate may be a fixed interest rate, a floating interest rate, a CMS interest rate or any other 
reference rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Notes. Previous Coupon Linked Notes may therefore also be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes, CMS Interest Linked Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes, Range Accrual Notes, Digital 
Notes, Spread Notes and/or Volatility Bond Notes and/or Synthetic Forward Rate Notes (or any 
combination of the foregoing). 
Therefore, Previous Coupon Linked Notes may be subject to variable interest rates, can be volatile 
instruments and may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
FX Performance Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "FX Performance Note Provisions" to be applicable, the 
interest rate otherwise determined in accordance with the relevant interest provisions in respect of an 
interest period/interest payment date (an actual coupon rate) will be adjusted to reflect changes in a 
settlement currency exchange rate by applying the "performance" of the relevant currency exchange rate 
(being (i) either a specified amount or a settlement currency exchange rate or the currency exchange rate 
on a specified date (e.g. the trade date) divided by (ii) either a specified amount or a settlement currency 
exchange rate or the currency exchange rate on a different specified date (e.g. a specified FX performance 
valuation date for the relevant interest period/interest payment date)) to such actual coupon rate.  
This will mean that you are exposed to fluctuations in the settlement currency exchange rate which may 
operate to reduce the interest rate for the relevant interest period/interest payment date. 
Reserve Coupon Notes and Redemption Reserve Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Reserve Coupon Note Provisions" to be applicable and 
Relevant Option is specified to be Option 1, if the interest rate otherwise determined in accordance with 
the relevant interest provisions in respect of an interest period/interest payment date (an actual coupon 
rate) is greater than the reserve coupon rate specified for the relevant interest period/interest payment 
date in the applicable Issue Terms, (i) the Interest Rate for the relevant interest period/interest payment 
date shall be capped at the reserve coupon rate and (ii) the amount by which such actual coupon rate 
exceeds the reserve coupon rate shall be carried over to "top up" the rate of interest for any succeeding

--- Page 105 ---
Risk Factors 
 
105 
 
interest periods/interest payment dates for which the actual coupon rate is less than the reserve coupon 
rate, PROVIDED THAT the Interest Rate for any succeeding interest period/interest payment date  shall 
not exceed the reserve coupon rate.  The total reserve coupon for the final interest period shall then either 
(i) where this is a positive number, be applied to increase the Redemption Amount of the Notes or (ii) 
where this is a negative number, be applied to reduce the Redemption Amount of the Notes. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Reserve Coupon Note Provisions" to be applicable and 
Relevant Option is specified to be Option 2, where the actual coupon rate is less than zero during the 
specified Initial Reserve Period, the interest amount for the relevant Interest Period will be floored at 
zero and the amount by which such actual coupon rate is less than zero will be added to the reserve 
coupon. The average of the reserve coupons for each Interest Period during the specified Initial Reserve 
Period will then be applied over the Remaining Reserve Period (being the remaining term of the Notes) 
to reduce the amount of interest paid to investors over that period. In the event that the Notes are also 
Redemption Reserve Notes, the sum of the Redemption Reserve Amounts during the Redemption 
Reserve Period shall then either (i) where this is a positive number, be applied to increase the Redemption 
Amount of the Notes or (ii) where this is a negative number, be applied to reduce the Redemption Amount 
of the Notes. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Reserve Coupon Note Provisions" to be applicable and 
Relevant Option is specified to be Option 3, where the actual coupon rate for an Interest Period is less 
than the specified Floor, the interest amount for the relevant Interest Period will equal the Floor and the 
amount by which such actual coupon rate is less than the Floor will be added to the total reserve coupon. 
The total reserve coupon will then be used to reduce the amount of any interest rate for future Interest 
Periods where the actual coupon rate is greater than the Floor. In addition, where the total reserve coupon 
for the final Interest Period is greater than zero, the total reserve coupon will be applied to reduce the 
Redemption Amount of the Notes (subject to the application of any floor applied to such Redemption 
Amount). 
This may mean that, for certain interest periods, the amount of interest payable will be less than the 
amount of interest which would have been payable had the cap not been applied and, where applicable, 
the Redemption Amount in respect of the Notes may be reduced. 
Global Interest Cap Notes 
Where the Global Interest Cap Note Provisions are specified to be applicable, the total amount of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes shall not be greater than the cap amount. If, in respect of an interest 
payment date, the total amount of interest paid in respect of the Notes prior to the application of the 
Global Interest Cap Note Provisions (and, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the FX 
Performance Note Provisions) is greater than such amount, the interest amount payable in respect of such 
interest payment date shall be capped such that the total amount of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes in respect of each interest payment date up to (and including) the relevant interest payment date 
does not exceed the cap amount and no further interest will be payable in respect of the Notes after such 
date.  
This will decrease the amount that would have been payable had such cap not been applied and will result 
in no interest being paid in respect of the Notes after the cap has been reached. This will also adversely 
affect the secondary market value of the Notes compared to the value of comparable notes in the market 
which do not have this feature.

--- Page 106 ---
Risk Factors 
 
106 
 
Auto Floor Notes 
Where the Notes are Auto Floor Notes, the specified floor will be applied to the actual coupon amount 
determined in respect of the Notes where such actual coupon amount is less than the specified floor, but 
such floor will only be applied to a number of such interest periods up to the specified Initial Floorlets 
Number. Where the actual coupon amount is less than the specified floor for more than such number of 
interest periods during the term of the Notes, the specified floor will not be applied to all such actual 
coupon amounts and this will decrease the amount that would have been payable had such floor been 
applied to all interest periods. 
Auto Cap Notes 
Where the Notes are Auto Cap Notes, the specified cap will be applied to the actual coupon amount 
determined in respect of the Notes where such actual coupon amount is more than the specified floor, 
but such cap will only be applied to a number of such interest periods up to the specified Initial Caplets 
Number. Where the actual coupon amount is more than the specified cap for more than such number of 
interest periods during the term of the Notes, the specified cap will not be applied to all such actual 
coupon amounts. Where a cap is applied, this will decrease the amount that would have been payable 
had such cap not been applied. 
Restructure Interest Rate Notes 
If a Noteholder holding all of the outstanding Notes of a Series of Restructure Interest Rate Notes makes 
a valid request that the Issuer restructure the interest basis relating to such Notes and it accepts the 
Restructure Rate (which may be a fixed, floating or variable rate) proposed by the Issuer, the interest 
basis of such Notes will be changed for the relevant interest period(s) and/or interest payment dates. If 
so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a fee may be payable by the Noteholder in respect of the 
relevant restructuring. 
You should note that any Restructure Rate provided by the Issuer will be determined in its discretion 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner and that, as any Restructure Rate may only be accepted at 
the time provided by the Issuer which will be prior to the interest period(s) and/or interest payment dates 
to which it will apply, the Noteholder cannot be certain at the time of acceptance whether such 
Restructure Rate will be higher or lower than the Interest Rate that would otherwise have applied under 
the Notes. 
In addition, in respect of Notes for which there is a Maximum Number of Restructure Rate Acceptances, 
you should also note that it is only possible for a valid Restructure Rate request and a valid Restructure 
Rate acceptance to be given by the Sole Noteholder where the maximum number of acceptances has not 
already been given and that this may already have been given by any prior Sole Noteholder(s). 
Notes with variable or changeable interest rates or which include a multiplier or other leverage factor  
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those 
features.  
Notes may have, at the option of the Issuer, (where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Switcher Option" 
applies), or shall have (where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Automatic Change of Interest Basis" 
or "Lock-in Change of Interest Basis" applies), more than one interest basis applicable to different

--- Page 107 ---
Risk Factors 
 
107 
 
interest periods and/or interest payment dates. See "Switcher Option" and "Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis" below. 
Such Notes may also be Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Rate Notes, DIR Inflation Linked Notes, CMS 
Interest Linked Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes, Range Accrual Notes, Digital Notes, Digital Band 
Notes, Spread Notes, Volatility Bond Notes, Synthetic Forward Rate Notes and/or Previous Coupon 
Linked Notes (or any combination of the foregoing). 
Any such volatility may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Notes. 
Switcher Option 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Switcher Option" to be applicable, the Notes may bear interest at 
a rate that converts, at the option of the Issuer, from one specified rate to another specified rate (the 
"Second Rate"). Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will affect the secondary 
market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it 
is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. The Second Rate may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Notes linked to the same reference rate. In addition, the Second Rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from one interest basis to another 
interest basis, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Lock-in Change of Interest Basis and Lock-in Redemption Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Lock-in Change of Interest Basis" to be applicable for the relevant 
Notes, the interest basis in respect of the Notes will change on the occurrence of one or more lock-in 
event(s) as provided therein. The interest basis that would apply following the occurrence of the relevant 
lock-in event(s) (the "changed interest basis") may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Notes linked to the same reference rate(s). In addition, the changed interest basis at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
A "lock-in event" will occur if, in respect of a lock-in determination date, the specified lock-in reference 
observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
equal to or above the specified lock-in barrier; or 
(b) 
above the specified lock-in barrier; or  
(c) 
equal to or below the specified lock-in barrier; or  
(d) 
below the specified lock-in barrier. 
A lock-in reference observation may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a Floating Interest 
Rate, (ii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iii) a Spread Interest Rate, (iv) a Relevant Spread Rate, (v) a Spread 
Reference Rate or (vi) an FX Rate.  
A lock-in barrier may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a fixed rate, (ii) a Floating Interest 
Rate, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) a Spread Interest Rate, (v) a Relevant Spread Rate, (vi) a Spread 
Reference Rate, (vii) an FX Rate, (viii) the sum of more than one rate or (ix) one rate minus another rate.

--- Page 108 ---
Risk Factors 
 
108 
 
In addition, if the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Notes are "Lock-in Redemption Notes", the 
redemption amount payable on redemption of the Notes will be linked to the performance of the relevant 
FX Rate. Therefore, if the value of the Underlying does not move in the anticipated direction, the amount 
repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could sustain a loss (see 
also "Risks associated with Notes linked to currency exchange rates" above). 
Dual Currency Notes 
If the Notes are Dual Currency Notes, then amounts payable in respect of the Notes will be determined 
by converting all amounts due under the Notes from the Denomination Currency into the Relevant 
Currency by multiplying such amount by the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the relevant specified 
valuation date. In such circumstances, amounts that you receive in respect of the Notes are also linked to 
the performance of the Underlying which is the exchange rate used for such conversions.  
This will mean that you are exposed to fluctuations in the settlement currency exchange rate which may 
operate to reduce the amounts payable in respect of the Notes and you should therefore also have regard 
to the risk factors relating to Notes linked to a currency exchange rate as set out above (in particular the 
risk factor entitled "Risks associated with Notes linked to currency exchange rates"). 
Notes subject to a cap 
Where the terms of the Notes provide any that amounts payable are subject to a cap, your ability to 
participate in any change in the value of the relevant interest rates and/or Underlying(s) over the term of 
the Notes will be limited, no matter how much the level, price or other applicable value of the relevant 
interest rates and/or Underlying(s) increases in a way which would otherwise operate to increase the 
relevant amount payable to more than the cap level. Accordingly, the value of or return on the Notes may 
be significantly less than if the cap had not applied or you had purchased another product not subject to 
a cap. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Notes, as set out in General Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and any related provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. You should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Mandatory early redemption or "autocall" 
If "Mandatory Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then such 
Issue Terms will specify what constitutes the relevant "Mandatory Early Redemption Condition" and, 
following satisfaction of such Mandatory Early Redemption Condition, a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Event shall occur, the Notes will be redeemed on the relevant mandatory early redemption date and the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms will become 
payable and no further amount shall be payable in respect of such Notes after the mandatory early 
redemption date. In this case, you are subject to a reinvestment risk, as you may not be able to replace

--- Page 109 ---
Risk Factors 
 
109 
 
your investment in such Notes with an investment that has a similar profile of chances and risks as the 
relevant Notes. 
If any Notes are redeemed early in accordance with the above, the amount you receive will be limited to 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount irrespective of the value of the relevant Underlying(s) or any 
other reference factor(s) applicable to such Underlying(s). Furthermore, you will not benefit from any 
movement in the value of relevant Underlying(s) or other reference factors relating to the Notes that may 
occur during the period between the relevant date of early redemption and the maturity date. 
Where the "Rollerball MER Condition" is specified as the Mandatory Early Redemption Condition, the 
Notes will redeem on the mandatory early redemption date in respect of which the relevant rollerball 
reference observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(a) 
equal to or above the specified rollerball barrier; or 
(b) 
above the specified rollerball barrier; or  
(c) 
equal to or below the specified rollerball barrier; or  
(d) 
below the specified rollerball barrier. 
A rollerball reference observation may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a Floating Interest 
Rate, (ii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iii) a Spread Interest Rate or (iv) an FX Rate. 
A rollerball barrier may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a fixed rate, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) a Spread Interest Rate, (v) an FX Rate, (vi) the sum of more 
than one rate or (vii) one rate minus another rate. 
Where the "TARN MER Condition" is specified as the Mandatory Early Redemption Condition, the 
Notes will redeem on the mandatory early redemption date on which the total interest payable in respect 
of the Notes (including the interest payable in respect of the interest period ending on or about such 
mandatory early redemption date) is equal to or greater than, the TARN Rate specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms.  
Unless the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified to be an amount which is greater than your 
initial investment in the Notes, then you should note that you will lose all or part of your investment. 
Rate Linked Redemption Notes 
The redemption amount in respect of Rate Linked Redemption Notes is determined by reference to either 
(i) a single rate or (ii) the difference between (or "spread" of) two rates (the "RL Final Level"). The RL 
Final Level may be positive, zero or negative with the result that, where the RL Final Level is negative, 
the Rate Linked Redemption Amount may be less than the amount originally invested in the Notes and, 
subject to any Minimum Redemption Amount, may be zero. A leverage factor may also be applied to the 
RL Final Level which will operate to magnify the effect of the RL Final Level on the Redemption 
Amount, in particular, the effect of any negative value. See also "Risks associated with Notes linked to 
Rates" above. 
Interest Linked Redemption Notes 
Where the Notes are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Interest Linked Redemption Notes 
and the redemption amount is specified to be the Interest Linked Redemption Amount, the redemption

--- Page 110 ---
Risk Factors 
 
110 
 
amount payable on maturity will be the sum of (i) the principal amount of the Notes plus (ii) all the 
interest amounts determined in respect of the Notes (the "SumAIA"). The SumAIA may be a positive or 
negative value or zero. As such, the resulting redemption amount may be less than the value of your 
investment which will negatively impact the return on your investment. No amounts of interest will 
otherwise be payable in respect of Interest Linked Redemption Notes.

--- Page 111 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
111 
 
SECTION C – INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
General 
Before investing in any Notes you should determine whether an investment in such Notes is appropriate 
in your particular circumstances and should consult with your legal, business and tax advisers to 
determine the consequences of an investment in such Notes and to arrive at your own evaluation of the 
investment. In particular, the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor recommend that you take 
independent tax advice before committing to purchase any Notes. None of the Issuer and (if applicable) 
the Guarantor provides tax advice and therefore responsibility for any tax implications of investing in 
any Notes rests entirely with you. You should note that the tax treatment will differ from jurisdiction to 
jurisdiction. You will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including (without limitation) any state or local taxes or other 
similar assessment or charge that may be applicable to any payment in respect of the Notes. 
An investment in Notes is only suitable for you if you: 
(a) 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate the 
merits and risks of an investment in Notes; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks 
in the context of your financial situation; 
(c) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in Notes for an indefinite period of 
time; and 
(d) 
recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of Notes for a substantial period of time, if at 
all. 
You should make your own independent decision to invest in Notes and as to whether the investment in 
the relevant Notes is appropriate or proper for you based upon your own judgement and upon advice 
from such advisers as you may deem necessary. You should not rely on any communication (written or 
oral) of the Issuer, and (if applicable) the Guarantor, any Dealer or any of their affiliates or their 
respective officers or agents as investment advice or as a recommendation to invest in Notes, it being 
understood that information and explanations related to Notes shall not be considered to be investment 
advice or a recommendation to invest in Notes. No communication (written or oral) received from the 
Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor, any Dealer or any of their affiliates or their respective officers 
or agents shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of an investment in 
Notes. 
Hedging arrangements in respect of Notes 
Any Issuer, and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates 
may enter into arrangements to hedge the Issuer's and/or, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor's obligations under an issue of Notes and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee but are not required to do so. If they do so, any Issuer and/or the CGMHI 
Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any such affiliate will have certain rights under such 
hedging arrangements and may pursue actions and take steps that they deem appropriate to protect their 
own interests under such hedging arrangements without regard to the consequences for Noteholders. You

--- Page 112 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
112 
 
will not have recourse to the applicable counterparty under any such hedging arrangements and any such 
hedging arrangements will not confer any rights or entitlements on any Noteholders and will constitute 
separate obligations of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any 
such affiliate. In addition, such hedging arrangements may give rise to Unwind Costs and amounts 
payable to Noteholders may accordingly be reduced by each Noteholder's pro rata share of such Unwind 
Costs. 
If you intend to purchase Notes to hedge against the market risk associated with investing in the particular 
Underlying(s), you should recognise the complexities of utilising Notes in this manner. For example, the 
value of the relevant Notes may not exactly correlate with the value of the relevant Underlying(s). Due 
to fluctuating supply and demand for Notes, there is no assurance that their value will correlate with 
movements of the Underlying(s). For these reasons, among others, it may not be possible to purchase or 
liquidate securities in a portfolio at the prices used to calculate the value of any relevant Underlying, and 
you may suffer a loss accordingly. 
Leveraging 
Borrowing to fund the purchase of Notes (leveraging) can have a significant negative impact on the value 
of and return on the investment. If you consider leveraging an issue of Notes, you should obtain further 
detailed information as to the applicable risks from the leverage provider. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to securities issued under the 
Programme, including any Notes. The credit rating agencies may have different rating methodologies, 
criteria, models and requirements from one another. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of 
all risks related to structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of the relevant Notes. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be reduced, withdrawn or 
qualified by the rating agency at any time. If the ratings on any Notes are reduced, withdrawn or qualified, 
it could adversely affect the liquidity or the market value of such Notes.  
Additionally, the global landscape of financial sector regulation itself is undergoing significant change. 
In the U.S., the Dodd-Frank Act, among other things, expands regulatory oversight of Citigroup Inc. (and 
its subsidiaries) and credit rating agencies. It is not clear how this expanded regulatory oversight will 
impact the ratings on Notes or the rating of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency 
is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as 
the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances). If the status of the rating agency rating an issue of Notes changes, European 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may 
have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes 
which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. The list of registered and certified 
rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not 
conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be

--- Page 113 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
113 
 
delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list.  
In general, United Kingdom regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn 
or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-UK credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by a UK-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-UK 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances). If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, United 
Kingdom regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the 
Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in United Kingdom regulated investors 
selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by the FCA on its website in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such 
list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated FCA list. 
Information relating to the current ratings of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI and CGML is available at 
www.citigroup.com. 
Historical performance may not predict future performance and values may be published by parties 
not subject to regulation in the US, EEA or UK 
In recent years, prices for various Underlyings have been highly volatile and such volatility may be 
expected in the future. However, fluctuations in rates, levels or prices of Underlyings that have occurred 
in the past are not necessarily indicative of fluctuations that may occur during the term of any Notes 
linked to such Underlyings.  
In addition, the value of any relevant Underlying(s) may be determined or published by third parties or 
entities which are not subject to regulation under the laws of the United States, the EEA or the United 
Kingdom. 
In addition, individual Reference Entities may not perform as indicated by the historical performance of 
similar entities and no assurance can be given with respect to the future performance of any Reference 
Entities. Historical default statistics may not capture events that would constitute Credit Events or Risk 
Events, as applicable, for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of Notes 
The amounts due and/or value of any assets to be delivered in respect of the Notes at any time prior to 
the relevant maturity date is typically expected to be less than the trading price of such Notes at that time. 
The difference between the trading price and such amounts due and/or value of any assets to be delivered, 
as the case may be, will reflect, among other things, the "time value" of the Notes. The "time value" of 
the Notes will depend partly upon the length of the period remaining to maturity and expectations 
concerning the value of any Underlying(s).  
Notes pose some additional risks with regard to interim value. The interim value of Notes varies as the 
price or level of any Underlying(s) varies, as well as due to a number of other interrelated factors, 
including (i) the trading price of the relevant Notes, (ii) the value and volatility of any Underlying(s),

--- Page 114 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
114 
 
(iii) the remaining tenor, (iv) in the case of Cash Settled Notes, the probable range of the Redemption 
Amounts, (v) any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields if applicable, (vi) any change(s) 
in currency exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity of any Underlying(s) and (viii) any 
related transaction costs. 
Any sale of Notes prior to their scheduled redemption may be at a substantial discount from the original 
purchase price and you may lose some or all of your investment. 
Application of Fallback Provisions in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks 
The fallback provisions described in the relevant Hierarchy Provisions in respect of Reference Rates and 
Benchmarks apply as follows: 
Reference Rates: 
• 
If a Reference Rate Event occurs and if the applicable Issue Terms specify any Reference Rate 
to be applicable in respect of the Notes, Valuation and Settlement Condition 23 (the "Reference 
Rate Event Provisions") shall apply. 
• 
A Reference Rate Event occurs with respect to a Reference Rate (which means any interest rate 
howsoever described in the Conditions and as amended from time to time pursuant to the 
provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions) where the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that (i) the Reference Rate has been or will be 
materially changed, has ceased or will cease to be provided permanently or indefinitely and 
there is no successor administrator or provider that will continue to provide the Reference Rate, 
or a regulator or other official sector entity has prohibited or will prohibit the use of or it is 
otherwise not permitted to use such Reference Rate in respect of the Notes; (ii) any authorisation 
or similar in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate 
has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, refused or similar and as a result 
the Issuer or any other entity is not or will not be permitted under applicable law or regulation 
to use the relevant Reference Rate to perform its or their obligations under the Notes; (iii) unless 
the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii))" does not apply, it is 
not commercially reasonable to continue use of the Reference Rate due to licensing restrictions 
or changes in licensing costs; (iv) the administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate, 
any national, regional or other supervisory or regulatory authority which is responsible for either 
(a) supervising the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (b) regulating the 
Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate or other official body 
with applicable responsibility announcing that the Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a 
specified future date will no longer be, representative of any underlying market and economic 
reality that such Reference Rate is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be 
restored; or (v) the relevant Reference Rate is the subject of any market-wide development in 
the over-the-counter derivatives market (which may be in the form of a protocol, publication of 
standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is or will be 
replaced with a replacement rate with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which 
reference such Reference Rate. 
• 
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) will seek to determine a 
replacement Reference Rate which must be one of the following: 
(a) 
where applicable, if a replacement Reference Rate can be determined by interpolating 
from other tenors of the relevant Reference Rate, such interpolated Reference Rate, 
together with an adjustment; or

--- Page 115 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
115 
 
(b) 
a pre-nominated replacement Reference Rate, together with an adjustment; or  
(c) 
an index, benchmark, other price source or rate or fall-back rate or methodology for 
calculating an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fall-back rate which is 
recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard replacement for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate, together with an 
adjustment; or 
(d) 
an index, benchmark or other price source that the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent (as applicable) determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative for the 
Reference Rate, together with an adjustment. 
• 
In the alternative, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) may determine 
that no replacement Reference Rate is required or may adjust the term of the Notes as it 
determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Reference Rate Event. 
Where applicable, if no such determination and/or adjustments are made, and if the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that it is not possible or commercially 
reasonable to identify a replacement Reference Rate or calculate the relevant adjustment, the 
Issuer may redeem the Notes early.  
• 
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) has powers to make amendments 
to the terms of the Notes as it considers are necessary and/or appropriate to account for the effect 
of the replacement Reference Rate, and to determine the level of the Reference Rate to apply in 
respect of the Notes on an interim basis. For related risks see "Interest on Notes linked to a 
Reference Rate will be calculated using a Replacement Reference Rate selected by the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent if a Reference Rate Event occurs" above. 
Benchmarks: 
• 
If an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to the relevant rate, PROVIDED 
THAT the Reference Rate Event Provisions do not apply to the relevant event or circumstance, 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2 
(Redemption 
or 
adjustment 
for 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) (the "Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions") shall 
apply. 
• 
An Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to a Benchmark (which means any 
figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the Notes, or the value of the 
Notes, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure or rate) where the 
Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that (i) a Benchmark 
is materially changed, cancelled or its use is prohibited by a regulator or other official sector 
entity in respect of the Notes; (ii) any authorisation or similar in respect of a relevant Benchmark 
or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained 
or has been, or will be, rejected or similar with the effect that the Issuer or any other entity is 
not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes; (iii) unless the 
applicable Issue Terms specify that "Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3))" does not 
apply, it is not commercially reasonable to continue use of the Benchmark due to licensing 
restrictions or changes in licence costs; or (iv) a relevant supervisor and/or sponsor officially 
announces the benchmark is no longer representative, or as of a specified future date will no 
longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic 
reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure.

--- Page 116 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
116 
 
• 
The Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent (as applicable) may make adjustment(s) to 
the terms of the Notes as it determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of the 
relevant event or circumstance, including, without limitation, the selection of a successor 
benchmark. Alternatively and if applicable, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early. For related 
risks see "Risks relating to the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event" above. 
Rate as an Underlying: 
• 
If an event or circumstance occurs with respect to a Rate which is an Underlying and if the 
applicable Issue Terms specify a Rate as an Underlying, PROVIDED THAT neither the 
Reference Rate Event Provisions nor the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions apply to 
the relevant rate as a result of such relevant event or circumstance, the provisions of Underlying 
Schedule 2 relating to the determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on any 
Scheduled Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any Disrupted Day and the provisions 
relating to the consequences of any such Disrupted Day set out in the Conditions shall apply. 
For related risks, see "Risks relating to the discontinuance or unavailability of a Rate" above. 
Screen Rate Determination: 
• 
If a floating rate cannot be determined and if the applicable Issue Terms specify Screen Rate 
Determination to be applicable, PROVIDED THAT none of the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions and the Rate Conditions apply to 
the relevant floating rate as a result of such relevant event or circumstance, the relevant 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(1) shall apply as described below. 
• 
Where Screen Rate Determination is applicable, if the Page is not available or if no offered 
quotation or fewer than three offered quotations appear or no rate is provided or published by 
the relevant administrator or a relevant authorised distributor or a component of the relevant 
rate is not provided or published (as applicable), in each case as at the Specified Time, or by 
10.30 a.m. Sydney time in the case of BBSW, the Determination Agent will determine the 
Screen Rate in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such source 
as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). Such rate may be (without limitation) a rate published by another 
authorised distributor, a rate formally recommended by the administrator of the relevant rate or 
the administrator or supervisor or competent authority responsible for supervising such 
administrator, the last published rate or the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference 
banks selected by the Determination Agent. 
ISDA Determination:  
Where ISDA determination is selected as the method of calculation of a rate of interest, the relevant rate 
will be determined on the same basis as the rate that would be calculated under an 'over-the-counter' 
derivative transaction documented using the market standard interest rate definitions published by ISDA. 
These definitions provide a standard method of calculating interest and include certain 'fallback' 
provisions which may be used to determine an interest rate in the event of temporary or permanent 
discontinuation of the relevant rate. However, for the purposes of the Notes, the fallback provisions set 
out in the relevant ISDA interest rate definitions will only apply in certain circumstances as described 
below. 
The ISDA interest rate definitions have been amended, supplemented and replaced from time to time 
and, as at the date of this document, there are two versions which are relevant for the purposes of the

--- Page 117 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
117 
 
Notes: the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA as amended or supplemented from time to time 
(the "2006 Definitions") and the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by ISDA as 
restated from time to time (the "2021 Definitions"). The applicable Issue Terms will indicate the version 
of the ISDA definitions which apply in respect of the Notes. 
• 
Where ISDA Determination is applicable, and the 2006 Definitions are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that the ISDA Rate cannot be 
determined, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, and prior to the 
application of any provisions relating to an index cessation event (howsoever described) or other 
permanent cessation fallback provisions in the 2006 Definitions (including where applicable 
such fallbacks set out in any supplement to the 2006 Definitions), the ISDA Rate for the relevant 
period and/or date shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent or the 
Determination Agent (as applicable) in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
It should be noted, however, that even though relevant fallback provisions may be included in 
accordance with the terms of the ISDA Determination itself or the above provision, if prior 
ranking fallback provisions described in Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 apply then 
these prior ranking fallback provisions will be applied first, meaning that any fallback 
provisions included as part of the ISDA Determination itself may not apply. 
• 
Where ISDA Determination is applicable and the 2021 Definitions are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any fallback provisions relating to temporary cessation will apply in 
respect of the Notes. However, prior to the application of any provisions relating to permanent 
cessation or an Administrator/Benchmark Event in the 2021 Definitions (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt any Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions), then, PROVIDED THAT 
none of the Reference Rate Event Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions 
and the Rate Conditions apply to the relevant ISDA Rate as a result of such event or 
circumstance and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the ISDA Rate 
for the relevant period and/or date shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent 
or the Determination Agent (as applicable) in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). See further "The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any 
interest rate to which the Notes are linked will result in the application of certain fallback 
provisions" above. 
• 
For related risks, see "If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined in the 
Calculation Agent's or Determination Agent's discretion or by alternative methods" above. 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination, SOFR Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating Rate 
Determination and SARON Floating Rate Determination: 
• 
If a floating rate cannot be determined and SONIA Floating Rate Determination and/or SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination and/or €STR Floating Rate Determination and/or SARON Floating 
Rate Determination are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that none of the 
Reference Rate Event Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions and the Rate 
Conditions apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of the relevant event or circumstance, 
the relevant provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(3)(I) or Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(4)(III) or Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(5)(II) or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(6)(II) (as the case may be) shall apply as described 
below.

--- Page 118 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
118 
 
• 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is applicable (other than where Determination 
applies), if the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the relevant 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors on a relevant 
day, the Calculation Agent will determine such SONIA rate as being: 
(a) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business 
on such day in the relevant Observation Period; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on such 
day in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA rate published on the relevant Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on such Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (A) 
how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (B) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the 
Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in 
order to determine the SONIA rate for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA rate 
is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. For related risks, see 
"If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined in the Calculation Agent's or 
Determination Agent's discretion or by alternative methods" above. 
• 
If the relevant rate is unavailable, where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is applicable (and 
Index Determination applies) and/or SOFR Floating Rate Determination is applicable, the 
relevant SONIA Compounded Index value, or SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent (as applicable) in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it deems 
appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
If the relevant rate is not published on the relevant page or by another authorised distributor, and is not 
otherwise provided by the relevant administrator, where €STR Floating Rate Determination is applicable 
and/or SARON Floating Rate Determination is applicable, the relevant €STR value or SARON value, as 
applicable, shall be deemed to be the rate equal to the last provided or published level for such rate. 
Summary of certain Floating Rate Options for the purposes of "ISDA Determination" and applicable 
methodologies – Frequently Asked Questions 
The questions and answers set out below highlight selected information to help prospective investors 
understand certain Floating Rate Options (as defined below) and applicable methodologies that may be 
relevant when considering the application of "ISDA Determination" to the determination of certain rates 
of interest. However, any decision to invest in Notes should only be made after careful consideration of 
the Base Prospectus and the relevant General Conditions in their entirety, particularly Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(2) (ISDA Determination ), as completed by the relevant Final Terms or as 
completed, modified and/or supplemented by the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable. This 
section is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, such Conditions.

--- Page 119 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
119 
 
Unless otherwise defined in the Base Prospectus, capitalised terms in relation to the following questions 
and answers shall have the meaning given to them in the General Conditions. 
Introduction  
What is "ISDA Determination"?  
"ISDA Determination" is a method of calculating the ISDA Rate (i.e. the interest rate prior to adjustments 
for any margin or participation rate) applicable to certain rates of interest. Where "ISDA Determination" 
applies, the ISDA Rate for an Interest Period or a relevant day will be determined on the same basis as 
the rate that would be calculated for an equivalent period under an over-the-counter derivative ("OTC") 
transaction documented using the market standard interest rate definitions published by ISDA, i.e. the 
2006 Definitions or the 2021 Definitions, as applicable. These definitions provide a standard method of 
calculating interest and include certain fallback provisions which may be used to determine an interest 
rate in the event of temporary or permanent discontinuation of the relevant rate. 
When will "ISDA Determination" apply?  
"ISDA Determination" is applicable if "ISDA Determination" is elected as the method for calculating 
the rate of interest payable on the Notes.  
What are the 2006 Definitions? 
The 2006 Definitions is a definitional booklet published by ISDA, as amended and/or supplemented from 
time to time. 
What are the 2021 Definitions? 
The 2021 Definitions, including any Matrices referred to therein, is a definitional booklet published by 
ISDA, as amended and/or updated from time to time. 
Floating Rate Options  
What is a Floating Rate Option? 
The interest rate under an OTC transaction incorporating the ISDA Definitions would be determined by 
reference to the underlying benchmark, which is referred to as the "Floating Rate Option" in the ISDA 
Definitions. Such Floating Rate Option would be as specified by the parties to such OTC transaction. 
Alternatively, in the context of the 2021 Definitions only, the parties may refer to the "Floating Rate 
Options" as set out within the Floating Rate Matrix, as updated from time to time.  
For the purposes of a rate of interest to which "ISDA Determination" applies, the Floating Rate Option 
will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
What is the Floating Rate Matrix? 
The Floating Rate Matrix is only relevant for only such swap transactions which incorporate the 2021 
Definitions. It specifies certain standard characteristics of each Floating Rate Option (including the 
"Category" that such Floating Rate Option belongs to and its "Style"). These characteristics would 
previously have been described using "long-hand" legal drafting in the 2006 Definitions.  
What are the different types of Floating Rate Options?

--- Page 120 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
120 
 
There are different types of Floating Rate Options, including the following: 
(a) 
an Overnight Floating Rate Option (see further "What is an Overnight Floating Rate Option?" 
below); and 
(b) 
an Index Floating Rate Option (see further "What is an Index Floating Rate Option?" below). 
What is an Overnight Floating Rate Option? 
An Overnight Floating Rate Option is a Floating Rate Option that directly references an overnight rate. 
Where the 2021 Definitions apply, the relevant benchmark will be identified as an "Overnight Rate" in 
the Floating Rate Matrix.  
What is an Index Floating Rate Option? 
An Index Floating Rate Option is a Floating Rate Option that either: 
(a) 
describes the level of a calculated index and, where the 2021 Definitions apply, the relevant 
benchmark will be identified as an "Index" in the Floating Rate Matrix; or 
(b) 
describes the level of an index that represents the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
rate investment and, where the 2021 Definitions apply, the relevant benchmark will be identified 
as a "Compounded Index" in the Floating Rate Matrix 
What methodologies may be applied to Floating Rate Options? 
Certain compounding or averaging methodologies may be applied to Floating Rate Options where market 
participants require the flexibility to more accurately hedge cash products which use different 
methodologies. Further, certain compounding methodologies may be applied to Floating Rate Options 
which are indices with a view to providing a standardised way of calculating compounded rates, 
especially for less sophisticated market participants who may not have access to detailed financial data. 
In any case, this is a commercial (rather than a legal) consideration and therefore it is not mandatory that 
such methodologies must always apply. In fact, for certain Floating Rate Options (such as term rates), 
the application of a methodology is not consistent with the nature of the Floating Rate Option itself and, 
therefore, such considerations would not be relevant for such Floating Rate Options. 
Under the Conditions, it is possible to apply a compounding or an averaging methodology to an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option (see further, "Overnight Rate Compounding Methods" and "Overnight 
Rate Averaging Methods" below) or certain index methodologies to an Index Floating Rate Option (see 
further, "Index Methods" below). Where such methodologies apply, these will be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
Overnight Rate Compounding Methods  
Which compounding methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options? 
Any of the following compounding methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options provided 
that such method is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
"OIS Compounding" (see further, "What is OIS Compounding?" below);

--- Page 121 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
121 
 
(b) 
"Compounding with Lookback" (see further, "What is "Compounding with Lookback"?" 
below); 
(c) 
"Compounding with Observation Period Shift" (see further, "What is Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift?" below); and 
(d) 
"Compounding with Lockout" (see further, "What is Compounding with Lockout?" below). 
Where the 2021 Definitions apply, any other overnight rate compounding method may also be specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
What is OIS Compounding? 
If "OIS Compounding" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period:  
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate 
observed for such day and the levels of the daily observed rates will be compounded to 
determine the ISDA Rate for the relevant Interest Period; and  
(b) 
the weighting to be given to the rate is determined by reference to each day in such Interest 
Period. 
As a result of the above, the compounded rate can be fixed only on the last Business Day of such Interest 
Period. Where the last Interest Period End Date and the Interest Payment Date fall on the same date, 
there is flexibility to push out such Interest Payment Date by switching on "Delayed Payment" in the 
applicable Issue Terms and also specify the period of delay (referred to as the "Delayed Interest Payment 
Dates"). 
It is further possible to cap and/or floor the daily observed rate by switching on the elections for "Daily 
Capped Rate" and/or "Daily Floored Rate", as applicable, in the applicable Issue Terms. 
What is "Compounding with Lookback"? 
If "Compounding with Lookback" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest 
Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate 
observed for a day falling a certain number of Business Days prior to such date (referred to as 
the "Lookback") and the levels of the daily observed rates will be compounded to determine the 
ISDA Rate for such Interest Period; 
(b) 
the length of the "Lookback" will either be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or set out in 
the relevant ISDA Definitions; and 
(c) 
the weighting to be given to the rate will depend on the relevant day in the Interest Period.

--- Page 122 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
122 
 
What is Compounding with Observation Period Shift? 
If "Compounding with Observation Period Shift" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect 
of an Interest Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate 
observed for the corresponding day during an "observation period" which shadows such Interest 
Period (i.e. both the start and end dates of such Interest Period will be shifted by a specified 
number of days referred to as the "Observation Period Shift") and the levels of the daily 
observed rates will be compounded to determine the ISDA Rate for the relevant Interest Period; 
(b) 
the length of the "Observation Period Shift" will either be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms or set out in the relevant ISDA Definitions; and 
(c) 
the weighting to be given to the rate will be determined on the basis of the relevant day in such 
observation period.  
There is flexibility to fix the rate in advance of the relevant Interest Period by switching on "Set-in-
Advance" in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case, the rate will be determined by reference to a 
period (a "set-in-advance observation period") ending prior to the beginning of the relevant Interest 
Period.  
What is Compounding with Lockout? 
If "Compounding with Lockout" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest 
Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined as follows:  
(i) 
for each day in the Interest Period up and to (and including) a specified date falling a 
number of Business Days before the end of the Interest Period (the "Lockout Date"), 
on the basis of the rate observed for such day; and  
(ii) 
for each day in the Interest Period from (but excluding) the Lockout Date up to the end 
of the Interest Period (referred to as the "Lockout Period"), on the basis of the rate 
observed on the Lockout Date (i.e. a single rate will apply during the Lockout Period),  
and the levels of the daily observed rates will be compounded to determine the ISDA Rate for 
such Interest Period; 
(b) 
the length of the "Lockout Period" will either be specified in the applicable Issue Terms or set 
out in the relevant ISDA Definitions; and 
(c) 
the weighting to be given to the rate will be determined on the basis of the relevant day in such 
Interest Period, including during the Lockout Period. This essentially means that the designation 
of a Lockout Period will not impact the weighting given to the rate.  
Overnight Rate Averaging Methods 
Which averaging methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options?

--- Page 123 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
123 
 
Any of the following averaging methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options provided 
that such method is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
"OIS Averaging" (see further, "What is "Overnight Averaging"?" below);  
(b) 
"Averaging with Lookback" (see further, "What is "Averaging with Lookback"?" below); 
(c) 
"Averaging with Observation Period Shift" (see further, "What is "Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift"?" below); and 
(d) 
"Averaging with Lockout" (see further, "What is "Averaging with Lockout"?" below). 
Where the 2021 Definitions apply, any other overnight rate averaging method may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
What is "Overnight Averaging"? 
If "Overnight Averaging" applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period:  
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate 
observed for such day and the levels of the daily observed rates will be averaged to determine 
the ISDA Rate for the relevant Interest Period; and  
(b) 
the weighting to be given to the rate is determined by reference to each day in such Interest 
Period. 
As a result of the above, the averaged rate can be fixed only on the last Business Day of such Interest 
Period. Where the last Interest Period End Date and the Interest Payment Date fall on the same date, 
there is flexibility to push out such Interest Payment Date by switching on "Delayed Payment" in the 
applicable Issue Terms and also specify the period of delay (i.e. referred to as the "Delayed Interest 
Payment Dates"). 
It is further possible to cap and/or floor the daily observed rate by switching on the elections for "Daily 
Capped Rate" and/or "Daily Floored Rate", as applicable, in the applicable Issue Terms. 
What is "Averaging with Lookback"? 
"Averaging with Lookback" is similar to "Compounding with Lookback" (see "What is "Compounding 
with Lookback"?" above), except that the ISDA Rate is determined by averaging (rather than 
compounding) the levels of the daily observed rates for the relevant Interest Period. 
What is "Averaging with Observation Period Shift"? 
"Averaging with Observation Period Shift" is similar to "Compounding with Observation Period Shift" 
(see "What is Compounding with Observation Period Shift?" above), except that the ISDA Rate is 
determined by averaging (rather than compounding) the levels of the daily observed rates for the relevant 
Interest Period.

--- Page 124 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
124 
 
What is "Averaging with Lockout"? 
"Averaging with Lockout" is similar to "Compounding with Lockout" (see "What is Compounding with 
Lockout?" above), except that the ISDA Rate is determined by averaging (rather than compounding) the 
levels of the daily observed rates for the relevant Interest Period. 
Index Methods  
Which methodologies may be applied to Index Floating Rate Options? 
In respect of Floating Rate Notes to which the 2021 Definitions apply, it is possible to apply the "Standard 
Index Method" (see further, "What is the "Standard Index Method"?" below) provided that such method 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Further, any of the following methodologies may be applied to Index Floating Rate Options provided 
that such method is specified as the Index Method in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
"Compounded Index Method" (see further, "What is the "Compounded Index Method"?" 
below); and 
(b) 
"Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift" (see further, "What is the 
"Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift"?" below); and 
(c) 
"All-In Compounded Index Method" (see further, "What is the "All-In Compounded Index 
Method"?"). 
Where the 2021 Definitions apply, any other methodology may also be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
What is the "Standard Index Method"? 
If the "Standard Index Method" applies to an Index Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period, 
the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be calculated as the rate of return of the relevant index over 
such Interest Period (essentially, by comparing the change in the index level between the start of such 
Interest Period and the end of such Interest Period). 
What is the "Compounded Index Method"? 
If the "Compounded Index Method" applies to an Index Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest 
Period, the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be the rate of return of the relevant compounded 
index over such relevant Interest Period (as above, by comparing the change in the compounded index 
level between the start of such Interest Period and the end of such Interest Period). 
What is the "Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift"? 
If the "Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift" applies to an Index Floating Rate 
Option in respect of an Interest Period: 
(a) 
the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be the rate of return of the relevant compounded 
index over the "observation period" which shadows such Interest Period (i.e. both the start and 
end dates of such Interest Period will be shifted by a specified number of days referred to as the 
"Observation Shift Period"); and

--- Page 125 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
125 
 
(b) 
the length of the "Observation Period Shift" will either be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms or set out in the relevant ISDA Definitions. 
There is flexibility to fix the rate in advance of the relevant Interest Period by switching on "Set-in-
Advance" in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case, the rate will be determined by reference to a 
period (a "set-in-advance observation period") ending prior to the beginning of the relevant Interest 
Period.  
What is the "All-In Compounded Index Method"? 
If the "All-In Compounded Index Method" applies to a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option in 
respect of an Interest Period, the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be the rate of return of the 
relevant compounded index over such relevant Interest Period (as above, by comparing the change in the 
compounded index level between the start of such Interest Period and the end of such Interest Period).  
Considerations relating to linear interpolation provisions 
If "ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the ISDA Definitions will apply to the relevant 
Floating Rate Option. The Floating Rate Option shall be determined at the level of the related swap or 
hedging arrangement by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, PROVIDED THAT if there is no 
rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the calculation 
agent for the relevant swap shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. In such circumstances, the linear interpolation provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 5(g) of the Conditions shall not apply to the Notes. 
Citigroup Inc., Its Management and Its Businesses Must Continually Review, Analyse and 
Successfully Adapt to Ongoing Regulatory and Legislative Uncertainties and Changes in the U.S. and 
Globally 
Despite the adoption of final regulations and laws in numerous areas impacting Citigroup Inc. and its 
businesses over the past several years, Citigroup Inc., its management and its businesses continually face 
ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes, both in the United States of America ("U.S. 
") and globally. While the areas of ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes facing 
Citigroup Inc. are too numerous to list completely, various examples include, but are not limited to (i) 
potential fiscal, monetary, regulatory, tax and other changes arising from the U.S. federal government 
and other governments, including as a result of the differing priorities of the current U.S. presidential 
administration, changes in regulatory leadership or focus and actions of Congress or in response to the 
pandemic; (ii) potential changes to various aspects of the regulatory capital framework and requirements 
applicable to Citigroup Inc.; and (iii) future legislative and regulatory requirements in the U.S. and 
globally related to climate change, including any new disclosure requirements. When referring to 
"regulatory", Citigroup Inc. is including both formal regulation and the views and expectations of its 
regulators in their supervisory roles. 
U.S. and international regulatory and legislative initiatives have not always been undertaken or 
implemented on a coordinated basis, and areas of divergence have developed and continue to develop 
with respect to the scope, interpretation, timing, structure or approach, leading to inconsistent or even 
conflicting requirements, including within a single jurisdiction. For example, in May 2019, the European

--- Page 126 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
126 
 
Commission adopted, as part of Capital Requirements Directive V ("CRD V"), a new requirement for 
major banking groups headquartered outside the EU (which would include Citigroup Inc.) to establish 
an intermediate EU holding company where the foreign bank has two or more institutions (broadly 
meaning banks, broker-dealers and similar financial firms) established in the EU. While in some respects 
the requirement mirrors an existing U.S. requirement for non-U.S. banking organisations to form U.S. 
intermediate holding companies, the implementation of the EU holding company requirement could lead 
to additional complexity with respect to Citigroup Inc.'s resolution planning, capital and liquidity 
allocation and efficiency in various jurisdictions. 
Moreover, ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes make Citigroup Inc.'s and its 
management's long-term business, balance sheet and strategic budget planning difficult, subject to 
change and potentially more costly. U.S. and other regulators globally have implemented and continue 
to discuss various changes to certain regulatory requirements, which would require ongoing assessment 
by management as to the impact to Citigroup Inc., its businesses and business planning. For example, 
while the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms and revised market risk framework have been finalised 
at the international level, there remain significant uncertainties with respect to the integration of these 
revisions into the U.S. regulatory capital framework. Business planning is required to be based on 
possible or proposed rules or outcomes, which can change dramatically upon finalisation, or upon 
implementation or interpretive guidance from numerous regulatory bodies worldwide, and such guidance 
can change. 
Regulatory and legislative changes have also significantly increased Citigroup Inc.'s compliance risks 
and costs and can adversely affect Citigroup Inc.'s businesses, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Green Bonds 
The Issue Terms relating to any issuance of specific Notes may provide that it will be the relevant Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of such Notes to fund, in whole or in part, the 
financing or refinancing of "Eligible Green Assets", which refers to loans and/or investments made by 
entities within the Group for assets or projects that meet the Green Bond Eligibility Criteria (as specified 
in the Green Bond Framework) of the Group in accordance with its Green Bond Framework where the 
use of such funds supports the sustainable progress strategy of the Group (Green Bonds).  You should 
make your own independent decision to invest in Green Bonds and as to whether an investment in such 
Notes is appropriate or proper for you based upon your own judgement, circumstances and investment 
criteria or guidelines and upon advice from such advisers as you may deem necessary. 
Green Bond Framework 
The Group has developed a Green Bond Framework (the Green Bond Framework) for securities 
issuances in order to finance projects that contribute to climate change mitigation as well as projects that 
promote sustainable infrastructure. The below description is based on the Green Bond Framework as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus. However, the Green Bond Framework may be amended or updated from 
time to time and you should therefore refer to the most recent version of the Green Bond Framework 
which 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Group's 
website 
(https://www.citigroup.com/citi/fixedincome/green_bonds.htm) and the applicable Issue Terms for 
information on the use of proceeds of the relevant Notes. 
The Green Bond Framework has been developed in line with the Green Bond Principles 2018 as 
administered by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") and received a "second party 
opinion" provided by an independent consultant. Any such opinion is only current as of the date that 
opinion was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the

--- Page 127 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
127 
 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Green Bonds. You must determine for yourself the 
relevance of any such opinion and/or the information contained therein for the purpose of any investment 
in Green Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions are not subject to 
any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. For the avoidance of doubt, the Green Bond 
Framework and any such opinion are not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Eligible Green Projects 
The Green Bond Eligibility Criteria specified in the Green Bond Framework reflect good practices for 
supporting the transition to a low-carbon economy through projects in one or more of the following areas 
(or any other eligible area described in the applicable Issue Terms) (Eligible Green Projects): 
• 
Renewable energy: proceeds may be allocated towards the acquisition, development, operation 
and maintenance of new and ongoing renewable energy activities, including related costs. 
• 
Energy efficiency: proceeds may be allocated towards the financing or refinancing of warehouse 
facilities for residential energy efficiency loans or consumer finance companies that provide 
residential energy efficiency loans for projects or assets that reduce energy consumption or 
mitigate greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. 
• 
Sustainable transportation: proceeds may be allocated towards building or operating mass 
transit and creating or constructing infrastructure to support mass transit. 
• 
Water quality and conservation: proceeds may be allocated towards projects that improve water 
quality, efficiency and conservation. 
• 
Green building: proceeds may be allocated towards financing of existing or new construction / 
renovation of residential and commercial buildings that earn certain efficiency and 
environmental certifications. 
The Group has developed a list of exclusionary criteria (Exclusionary Criteria) for the use of proceeds 
from the sale of Green Bonds (for example, certain large-scale hydropower plans, nuclear power plants 
and fossil fuel projects) and commits itself to not knowingly being involved in financing any such 
projects or activities through the proceeds of any such sale.  
Project Evaluation and Selection Process 
The Group's specialist teams, including the Sustainability & ESG team, formerly known as the Corporate 
Sustainability team, and the Environmental and Social Risk Management ("ESRM") teams, are 
responsible for screening potential eligible assets against the Green Bond Eligibility Criteria. Once 
screened, Eligible Green Assets will be added to a single pool that the Group maintains (the "Green 
Bond Asset Portfolio"). 
The Group's selection process for the Eligible Green Assets takes into account whether the potential 
eligible asset meets the Green Bond Eligibility Criteria for inclusion in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio. 
Additionally, each Eligible Green Asset is reviewed to ensure compliance with the Group’s ESRM 
policies.  
If the investment by any entity within the Group in any asset in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio is 
terminated or if an asset no longer meets the Green Bond Eligibility Criteria, the asset will be removed 
from the Green Bond Asset Portfolio.

--- Page 128 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
128 
 
Management of Proceeds  
The Group's Sustainable Issuance Council is responsible for supervising the Green Bond Asset Portfolio 
and the aggregate amount of Green Bonds issued by entities within the Group with the aim of ensuring 
that the aggregate amount in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the aggregate 
amount raised by such Green Bonds. For this purpose, the aggregate size and maturity of the Green Bond 
Asset Portfolio is monitored quarterly. If for any reason the aggregate amount in the Green Bond Asset 
Portfolio is less than the aggregate amount of Green Bonds issued, the unallocated amount will be held 
in cash, cash equivalents and/or other liquid marketable instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) 
in the liquidity portfolio of the Group until the amount can be allocated towards the Green Bond Asset 
Portfolio. 
Reporting 
Under the Green Bond Framework, a report (the Green Bond Report) will be published by the Group 
on its website (https://www.citigroup.com/citi/fixedincome/green_bonds.htm) within a year from any 
issuance of any Green Bonds which will be renewed annually until full allocation and in case of any 
material changes. You should note that no other or separate notification will be provided to investors in 
particular Green Bonds as to the Green Bond Asset Portfolio.  
The Green Bond Report will give details of (i) the total amount of assets in the Green Bond Asset 
Portfolio and the total outstanding amount raised by Green Bond issuances; (ii) the eligible assets within 
the Green Bond Asset Portfolio along with the Issuer's financial commitments to each asset; (iii) the total 
amount of unallocated proceeds, if any; and (iv) environmental impacts of the Green Bond Asset 
Portfolio to the extent it is practical to do so. Any such report is only current as of the date that report 
was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold Green Bonds. 
Under the Green Bond Framework, the Issuer has also engaged external independent accountants to 
review that the assets included in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio meet the Green Bond Eligibility Criteria 
and are not invested in assets as defined by the Exclusionary Criteria and that the aggregate amount in 
the Green Bond Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount raised by Green Bonds 
(or, to the extent the total amount of the outstanding bonds is less than the aggregate amount in Green 
Bond Asset Portfolio, that the difference is held in the manner described in the Green Bond Framework). 
Any review report is only current as of the date that report was issued and you must determine for yourself 
the relevance of any such report and/or the information contained therein for the purposes of your own 
investment considerations or expectations.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Bond Report nor the report of any third party is, or shall 
be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Social Finance Bonds issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
The Issue Terms relating to any issuance of specific Notes may provide that it will be the relevant Issuer's 
intention to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of such Notes to finance or refinance a portion 
of certain of the Group's portfolio of assets (such assets, the Social Finance Assets and any such 
portfolio, the Social Finance Assets Portfolio) that meet Citigroup's Social Finance Asset Portfolio 
Eligibility Criteria (as specified in the Social Finance Framework) and do not meet any of the 
Exclusionary Criteria (as specified in the Social Finance Framework). You should make your own 
independent decision to invest in the Social Finance Bonds and as to whether an investment in such Notes 
is appropriate or proper for you based upon your own judgement, circumstances and investment criteria 
or guidelines and upon advice from such advisers as you may deem necessary.

--- Page 129 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
129 
 
Social Finance Bonds shall not be issued by CGMFL. 
Social Finance Framework 
The Group has developed the Citigroup Social Finance Framework (the Social Finance Framework) 
for securities issuances in order to support lending to social businesses across Citigroup's emerging 
market footprint. The below description is based on the Social Finance Framework as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. However, the Social Finance Framework may be amended or updated from time to 
time and you should therefore refer to the most recent version of the Social Finance Framework which 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Group's 
website 
(https://www.citigroup.com/citi/fixedincome/social_finance_bonds.htm) and the applicable Issue Terms 
for information on the use of proceeds of the relevant Notes. 
The Social Finance Bond Framework has been developed in line with the ICMA Social Bond Principles 
2021 and has received a “second party opinion” provided by an independent consultant. Any such 
opinion is only current as of the date that opinion was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Social Finance 
Bonds. You must determine for yourself the relevance of any such opinion and/or the information 
contained therein for the purpose of any investment in Social Finance Bonds. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the providers of such opinions are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other 
regime. For the avoidance of doubt, the Social Finance Framework and any such opinion are not, nor 
shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Social Finance Assets 
The Social Finance Assets must meet the Social Finance Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria by falling 
into one of the categories outlined below: 
(1) 
Access to essential services: financing expanding access to financial services to unbanked and 
underserved individuals and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs); 
(2) 
Affordable housing: financing for companies and financial service providers enabling access to 
housing for underserved individuals; 
(3) 
Affordable basic infrastructure: financing for companies that expand availability of water, 
sanitation, or clean energy; 
(4) 
Access to essential services (healthcare): financing for companies that expand access to 
inclusive healthcare, ensure healthy lives and promote well-being; 
(5) 
Access to essential services (education): financing for companies and organisations that deliver 
and promote inclusive lifelong learning opportunities for all ; and 
(6) 
Access to essential services (smallholder farmer finance): financing for social enterprises that 
deliver products and services to smallholder farmers.  
The Group has developed a list of exclusionary criteria for the use of the proceeds from Social Finance 
Bonds (the Exclusionary Criteria) (for example, certain loans or investments (i) for projects in high 
income economies as designated by the World Bank, (ii) in institutions not meeting locally designated 
employment regulations, (iii) supporting fossil fuel energy generation for last mile clients, (iv) where the 
financial strength and potential for economic loss to the Group on the investment has been assessed and 
classified as "Substandard", "Doubtful", or "Loss"; (v) in activities which are incompatible with the 
Social Finance Framework or the Group's social finance criteria or which generate significant adverse

--- Page 130 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
130 
 
social impacts or (vi) in "prohibited activities" as defined in the Social Finance Framework) and commits 
itself to not intentionally including any of the projects or activities in the Social Finance Asset Portfolio. 
Eligible Social Finance Asset Selection and Evaluation Process 
The Group's specialist Social Finance team will review assets to check they meet the Social Finance 
Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria and will identify a unique Social Finance Asset Portfolio for the 
aggregate principal amount of securities issued during a given reporting period that are intended to be 
used for Social Finance Assets (Social Finance Bonds). Once screened, Social Finance Assets will be 
added to the relevant Social Finance Asset Portfolio. The selection process for the Social Finance Assets 
takes into account whether the potential eligible asset satisfies the criteria for inclusion in the Social 
Finance Assets Portfolio. Additionally, the selection of Social Finance Assets is also governed by risk 
approval guidelines and credit monitoring standards in each relevant jurisdiction. If the Group's 
investment in any asset in any Social Finance Asset Portfolio is terminated or if an asset no longer meets 
the Social Finance Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria or satisfies any of the Exclusionary Criteria, the 
Social Finance team will remove such asset from the relevant Social Finance Asset Portfolio and may 
include additional eligible assets in a Social Finance Asset Portfolio. 
Management of Proceeds 
The Group's Sustainable Issuance Council is responsible for oversight of the Social Finance Asset 
Portfolio, and its responsibilities include monitoring the total aggregate amount of Social Finance Bonds 
issued and tracking the portfolio using an internal asset management system. The Group aims to ensure 
that the aggregate amount in each Social Finance Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the aggregate 
amount raised by Social Finance Bonds issued during the associated reporting period by reviewing the 
aggregate size and maturity of the Social Finance Asset Portfolio each quarter. If for any reason the 
aggregate amount in any Social Finance Asset Portfolio is less than the total outstanding amount of such 
Social Finance Bonds issued, the Group will assign the unallocated balance to cash, cash equivalents 
and/or other liquid marketable instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) until the amount can be 
allocated towards the Social Finance Asset Portfolio. 
Reporting 
The 
Group 
will 
publish 
a 
report 
(the 
Sustainable 
Bond 
Report) 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.citigroup.com/citi/fixedincome/social_finance_bonds.htm) within one year from issuance 
of the Group's inaugural Social Finance Bonds and will renew such report annually until full allocation 
of the proceeds and in case of any material changes. The Sustainable Bond Report will cover allocation 
and impact reporting for all Social Finance Bonds issued during the reporting period specified therein 
and any material changes in the Social Finance Asset Portfolio. You should note that no other or separate 
notification will be provided to investors in particular Social Finance Bonds as to the Social Finance 
Asset Portfolio. 
External Review 
The Group will engage external independent accountants to review that the assets included in the Social 
Finance Asset Portfolio meet the Social Finance Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria and are not invested 
in assets defined in the Exclusionary Criteria. Further, the independent accountants will be engaged to 
confirm that the aggregate amount in the Social Finance Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the 
aggregate amount raised by the relevant Social Finance Bonds and, to the extent the total amount of the 
relevant outstanding Social Finance Bonds is greater than the aggregate amount in the Social Finance 
Asset Portfolio, that the difference is held in cash, cash equivalents and/or other liquid marketable 
instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) in the Group's liquidity portfolio. Any review report is

--- Page 131 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
131 
 
only current as of the date that report was issued and you must determine for yourself the relevance of 
any such report and/or the information contained therein for the purposes of your own investment 
considerations or expectations.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Sustainable Bond Report nor the report of any third party is, or 
shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus and is not, nor should be 
deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer to buy, sell or hold the Notes. 
Social Bonds issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
The Group has developed a Social Bond Framework for Affordable Housing (the Social Bond 
Framework) for securities issuances in order to finance projects that contribute to affordable and 
supportive housing. The below description is based on the Social Bond Framework as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. However, the Social Bond Framework may be amended or updated from time to time 
and you should therefore refer to the most recent version of the Social Bond Framework which will be 
available on the Group's website (https://www.citigroup.com/citi/fixedincome/housing_bonds.htm) and 
the applicable Issue Terms for information on the use of proceeds of the relevant Notes. 
Social Bonds shall not be issued by CGMFL. 
Social Bond Framework 
The Group has developed a Social Bond Framework for Affordable Housing (the Social Bond 
Framework) for securities issuances in order to finance projects that contribute to affordable and 
supportive housing. The Social Bond Framework may be amended or updated from time to time and you 
should therefore refer to the most recent version of the Social Bond Framework which will be available 
on the Group's website (https://www.citigroup.com/citi/fixedincome/housing_bonds.htm).  
The Social Bond Framework has been developed in line with the Social Bond Principles 2020, as 
administered by ICMA and received a "second party opinion" provided by an independent consultant. 
Any such opinion is only current as of the date that opinion was issued and is not, nor should be deemed 
to be, a recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Social 
Bonds. You must determine for yourself the relevance of any such opinion and/or the information 
contained therein for the purpose of any investment in Social Bonds. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the providers of such opinions are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other 
regime. For the avoidance of doubt, the Social Bond Framework and any such opinion are not, nor shall 
be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Asset Selection and Evaluation Process 
Under the Social Bond Framework, an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of Social Bonds is allocated 
to finance or refinance a portion of the Group's portfolio of affordable housing assets (the Affordable 
Housing Bond Asset Portfolio), which consist of selected eligible financing instruments which are used 
to finance the construction, rehabilitation and/or the preservation of quality affordable housing for low-
moderate income populations in the United States (the Social Bond Eligibility Criteria). If the 
investment in any asset in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is terminated or if an asset no 
longer meets the Social Bond Eligibility Criteria, the asset will be removed from the Affordable Housing 
Bond Asset Portfolio in the same calendar year in which the asset became ineligible.

--- Page 132 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
132 
 
Management of Proceeds 
The Group's Sustainable Issuance Council is responsible for oversight of the Affordable Housing Bond 
Asset Portfolio and monitoring the aggregate amount of Social Bonds issued by entities within the Group 
with the aim of ensuring that the aggregate amount in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is 
equal to or greater than the aggregate amount raised by such Social Bonds. For this purpose, the continued 
eligibility and aggregate size of the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is monitored quarterly. If 
for any reason the aggregate amount in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is less than the 
outstanding amount of Social Bonds issued, the unallocated amount will be held in cash, cash equivalents 
and/or other liquid marketable instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) until the amount can be 
allocated towards the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio. 
The Group has developed a list of exclusionary criteria (Exclusionary Criteria) for the proceeds of the 
Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio (for example, certain loans or investments for projects outside 
the United States, mortgage-backed securities and other derivatives, etc., all as further described in the 
Social Bond Framework) and commits itself to not knowingly be involved in financing any such projects 
or activities through the proceeds of any such sale.  
Reporting 
Under the Social Bond Framework, a report (the Affordable Housing Bond Report) will be published 
by the Group on its website (https://www.citigroup.com/citi/fixedincome/housing_bonds.htm) within a 
year from any issuance of the inaugural Social Bonds and which will cover all Social Bonds issued during 
the reporting period specified therein and any material changes in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset 
Portfolio. You should note that no other or separate notification will be provided to investors in particular 
Social Bonds as to the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio.  
The Affordable Housing Bond Report will provide information on (i) the total outstanding par amount 
of Social Bonds issued during the reporting period; (ii) the total outstanding amount of funded financial 
assets that comprise the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio; (iii) the total amount of unallocated 
proceeds, if any, assigned to cash, cash equivalent and/or other liquid marketable instruments; and (iv) 
social impacts of the Social Bonds by providing information about the housing properties associated with 
the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio. Any such report is only current as of the date that report 
was issued and is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold Social Bonds. 
External Review 
Under the Social Bond Framework, the Issuer will also engage external independent accountants to 
review that the assets included in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio meet the Social Bond 
Eligibility Criteria and are not invested in assets as defined by the Exclusionary Criteria and that the 
aggregate amount in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the 
aggregate amount raised by the issuance of Social Bonds (or, to the extent the total amount of the 
outstanding Social Bonds is less than the aggregate amount in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset 
Portfolio, that the difference is held in the manner described in the Social Bond Framework). Any review 
report is only current as of the date that report was issued and you must determine for yourself the 
relevance of any such report and/or the information contained therein for the purposes of your own 
investment considerations or expectations.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Affordable Housing Bond Report nor the report of any third party 
is, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 133 ---
Investment Considerations 
 
133 
 
Notes or Underlying(s) labelled or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", 
"inclusive" or similar objectives  
Notes or the Underlying(s) of Notes may be described or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", 
"social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar objectives.  
Notwithstanding the use of such term(s) in the title and/or marketing materials of the Notes or in the 
description of the Underlying(s), such Notes or Underlying(s) (or the administrator(s) thereof): 
• 
may not meet investors' objectives or expectations as regarding investments which are "green", 
"sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or other similar label; and/or 
• 
may not fulfil legislative or regulatory requirements or criteria as regarding investments which 
are "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or other similar label (including as set 
out under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy Regulation) or 
either of those regulations as they form part of the domestic law of the UK).  
There is currently no universally agreed framework (legal, regulatory, or any other) or market consensus 
on what constitutes a "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar product or the precise 
attributes required for a particular product to be defined as such, and no assurance can be given that such 
a universally accepted framework or consensus will develop over time. While there have been regulatory 
efforts in some jurisdictions and regions (particularly within the European Economic Area and the UK) 
to define similar concepts, the legal and regulatory framework governing sustainable finance is still 
developing and there can be no assurance that these local regimes will be more widely adopted in global 
financial markets.  
Accordingly, no assurance can be given to investors that any product will meet any or all of the investor's 
objectives or expectations regarding investments which are "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", 
"inclusive" or other similar label or that no environmental, social and/or other impacts will occur in the 
implementation of the product.

--- Page 134 ---
How To Use This Document 
 
134 
 
SECTION D – HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT 
This section provides a guide as to which parts of this Base Prospectus are relevant for particular Notes 
Introduction 
This section provides potential investors with a tool to help them navigate the various sections relating 
to the Notes issued by the Issuers under the Base Prospectus. 
Documentation 
For each issue of Notes under the Base Prospectus, the base prospectus will be available to potential 
investors on an ongoing basis and provide relevant information on the Issuers and the Notes. 
The Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus is comprised of sections which set out information relating to the Issuers and 
Guarantors, including documents incorporated by reference, risk factors and disclosures relating to the 
Issuers and Guarantors, and of sections which set out information relating to the Notes which may be 
issued under the Base Prospectus. This information includes risk factors and disclosures relating to the 
Notes, the general terms and conditions of the Notes, the terms specific to each type of Underlying linked 
Notes and the possible characteristics of the Notes (including interest and redemption amounts). 
However, it is the Issue Terms that will set out the commercial terms and characteristics of a particular 
issue. See "The Issue Terms" below. 
The Supplement(s) 
If a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy arises relating to the information 
included in the Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting a potential investor's assessment of the 
Notes, the Issuers will publish a supplement to the Base Prospectus. The supplement will be approved 
by the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com) and will also be published in the same manner as the Base 
Prospectus. 
If the Issuers publish a supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes before the supplement 
is published shall, subject to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, have the right to 
withdraw their acceptances. Unless a longer mandatory period applies in the relevant country in which 
the offer of Notes has been accepted, any such withdrawal right must be exercised within two working 
days of publication of the supplement in accordance with Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation. The 
terms and conditions of the Notes and the terms on which they are offered and issued will be subject to 
the provisions of any such supplement. 
The Issue Terms 
The applicable Issue Terms will be prepared to document each specific issue of Notes and will be either: 
(i) for Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Final Terms together with, if required, a duly completed issue 
specific summary specific to such issue of Notes; or (ii) for Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 135 ---
How To Use This Document 
 
135 
 
In each case, the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will contain: 
(i) 
the specific terms of the issue, including but not limited to the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes being issued, the relevant identification codes and the type and currency of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the commercial terms of the issue, such as the details of the payout for redemption, interest 
amounts, any automatic or optional early redemption provisions and the related definitions for 
a specific issue of Notes, as described in the Base Prospectus and completed by the Issue Terms 
(in each case, depending on the type of Notes in question); 
(iii) 
details of the Underlying(s) or any interest rate to which the Notes are linked; and 
(iv) 
the relevant dates, such as the issue date, interest payment dates and/or maturity date. 
How to navigate the Base Prospectus 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus, along with any 
supplement(s), will be relevant for all Notes and provides (i) information on the Issuers, and (ii) 
information about all types of Notes that may be issued under the Base Prospectus. Consequently, it is 
the Issue Terms which provide the commercial terms and characteristics of a particular issue and specify 
which sections of the Base Prospectus apply to that issue. Accordingly, not all of the information in the 
Base Prospectus will be relevant to a particular issue of Notes. 
The interaction of these sections is summarised in the following diagram.

--- Page 136 ---
How To Use This Document 
 
136 
 
 
How to read the Issue Terms 
The applicable Issue Terms are divided into three parts: 
• 
Part A, called "CONTRACTUAL TERMS", which, together with any applicable 
Schedules and Appendices, provides the specific contractual terms of the Notes; 
• 
Part B, called "OTHER INFORMATION", which provides other disclosure 
information specific to the Notes; and 
• 
in the case of Final Terms only and for Notes where an issue specific summary is 
required pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, an issue specific summary of the Notes 
will be attached to the Final Terms. 
The full forms of Final Terms and Pricing Supplement are set out in this Base Prospectus. The Issuers 
will complete the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (i.e. the Issue Terms) for each issue of Notes based 
on these forms. The following table provides a brief overview of the contents and each section of the 
Issue Terms which may apply.

--- Page 137 ---
How To Use This Document 
 
137 
 
Title of the section of the Issue Terms 
What information is provided in this section? 
Cover pages 
This section provides basic information on the 
Issuers and the Notes. 
This section is applicable to all Notes.  
Part A – Contractual Terms  
Initial line-items 1 - 12 
This section provides a description of, and 
definitions relating to, the Notes. It also provides 
information on and general commercial terms 
governing, the Notes. 
This section applies to all Notes.  
Provisions relating to Underlying Linked Notes 
This section provides descriptions and definitions 
in respect of any Underlyings relevant to the 
Notes. 
This section will only be relevant where the Notes 
are linked to or reference one or more 
Underlyings. One or more provisions of this 
section will apply to Notes depending on the type 
of Underlying(s). 
Provisions relating to interest 
These sections detail the economic and payout 
interest terms of the Notes. 
These sections apply to all Notes.  
Provisions relating to Switcher Option 
Provisions relating to Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis 
This section will detail any provisions relating to 
changes in interest basis. 
This section will only be relevant where a change 
of interest basis applies to the Notes. 
Provisions relating to Zero Coupon Notes 
This section will detail any provisions relating to 
Zero Coupon Notes. 
This section will only be relevant where the Notes 
are Zero Coupon Notes. 
Provisions relating to Credit Linked Notes 
This section will detail any provisions relating to 
Credit Linked Notes. 
This section will only be relevant where the Notes 
are Credit Linked Notes. 
Provisions relating to Index Skew Notes 
This section will detail any provisions relating to 
Index Skew Notes.

--- Page 138 ---
How To Use This Document 
 
138 
 
This section will only be relevant where the Notes 
are Index Skew Notes. 
Provisions relating to redemption 
These sections detail the economic and payout 
redemption terms of the Notes. 
These sections apply to all Notes. 
General provisions 
This section provides additional information in 
respect of the Notes, including provisions relating 
to events which may apply during the term of the 
Notes, provisions relating to Substitution of the 
obligors, additional provisions applicable to 
Italian Listed Certificates, provisions relating to 
TLAC eligible Notes, the form of the Notes and 
other general provisions relating to the Notes 
This section applies to all Notes 
Part B – Other Information 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
This section provides information in respect of 
the listing and admission to trading of the Notes. 
This section applies to all Notes. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in 
the issue/offer 
These sections provide information on the 
clearing and trading of the Notes, information in 
relation to certain Agents and additional 
information relating to the offer of the Notes. 
These sections apply to all Notes.  
Reasons for the offer, estimated net proceeds and 
expenses 
Operational information 
Distribution 
Terms and conditions of the offer 
This section provides additional information 
relating to the public offer of the Notes. 
This section will apply where there is a non-
exempt offer to the public. 
Ratings 
These sections provide additional disclosure in 
respect of the Notes. 
These sections will be include applicable 
information where relevant. 
Yield 
Performance of the Underlying/Rate 
EU Benchmark Regulation and UK Benchmarks 
Regulation

--- Page 139 ---
How To Use This Document 
 
139 
 
Examples to explain how the value of the 
investment is affected by the value of the 
Underlying(s) 
Credit Linked Notes information 
United States tax considerations 
This section describes the United States tax 
categorisation in respect of the Notes. 
This section applies to all Notes. 
Schedules, Appendices and Summary 
 
Schedules and Appendices 
These sections will detail any additional 
provisions relating to interest rates and/or Credit 
Linked Notes. 
This section will only be relevant where cross-
referred to in Part A. 
Summary 
This section provides summary information on 
the Base Prospectus, the Issuers and the Notes. 
This section will only be included if required. 
How to read the Base Prospectus 
For a particular issue of Notes, the following sections of this Base Prospectus will be relevant, as further 
described in the relevant Issue Terms: 
Title of the sections of the Base 
Prospectus which are relevant: 
Types of Notes to 
which the relevant 
sections 
are 
applicable: 
Description of the relevant 
sections: 
Relevant 
page 
numbers: 
Types of Notes: 
• 
Front 
Cover 
(including 
Introduction 
to 
this 
Document, 
Important 
Notices 
and 
Important 
Information 
relating 
to 
offers of Notes) 
ALL Notes 
These 
Sections 
provide 
information on the Base 
Prospectus, the Issuers and 
the offer of the Notes. 
i to xxx 
 
• 
Section 
A: 
General 
Description 
of 
the 
Programme 
35 
• 
Section B: Risk Factors 
ALL Notes 
36 to 109

--- Page 140 ---
How To Use This Document 
 
140 
 
Title of the sections of the Base 
Prospectus which are relevant: 
Types of Notes to 
which the relevant 
sections 
are 
applicable: 
Description of the relevant 
sections: 
Relevant 
page 
numbers: 
Types of Notes: 
• 
Section C: Investment 
Considerations 
These Sections set out the 
risks relating to the Issuers 
and the Guarantors and the 
Notes. Certain additional 
considerations are also set 
out in Section C. In both 
cases, 
the 
information 
which is relevant will 
depend on the type of 
Notes. 
111 to 133 
• 
Section D: How to Use 
This Document 
ALL Notes 
 
134 to 144 
• 
Section E: Documents 
Incorporated 
by 
Reference and Available 
for 
Inspection 
and 
Supplements 
ALL Notes 
This Sections sets out 
information relating to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The information which is 
relevant will depend on the 
Issuer and/or Guarantor of 
the relevant Notes. 
145 to 201 
• 
Section F: Information 
Relating to the Issuers 
and the Guarantors 
202 to 244 
• 
Section 
G: 
General 
Information Relating to the 
Programme and the Notes 
ALL Notes 
This Section sets out a 
general description of the 
Programme.  
241 to 398 
− 
Description of the 
Return 
on 
the 
Notes 
ALL Notes 
This Section sets out a 
description of the return on 
certain types of Notes. 
The information which is 
relevant will depend on the 
type of Notes. 
242 to 261 
− 
General 
Information 
Relating to the 
Issue 
of 
Notes 
under this Base 
Prospectus 
ALL Notes 
These Sections set out certain 
general information relating 
to the listing and clearing 
system(s) relevant to the 
Notes, information relating to 
post-issuance 
information 
262 to 263

--- Page 141 ---
How To Use This Document 
 
141 
 
Title of the sections of the Base 
Prospectus which are relevant: 
Types of Notes to 
which the relevant 
sections 
are 
applicable: 
Description of the relevant 
sections: 
Relevant 
page 
numbers: 
Types of Notes: 
− 
Issue of Notes 
and 
information 
on 
underlying assets and interest 
rates, information relating to 
the issue and form of the 
Notes, information relating to 
restrictions 
on 
who 
can 
purchase the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions and certain tax 
considerations. 
264 
− 
Form of the Notes 
265 to 268 
− 
Book 
Entry 
Clearance 
Systems 
269 to 276 
− 
ERISA Matters 
277 
− 
Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer 
and 
Selling 
Restrictions 
278 to 310 
− 
Taxation of Notes 
312 to 398 
• 
Section H: Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes: 
ALL Notes 
These Section set out the 
general terms and conditions 
relating to the Notes. 
399 to 1439 
 
403 to 477 
− 
General 
Conditions 
of 
Notes 
− 
Schedules to the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the 
Notes: 
The 
Underlying 
Schedules 
applicable 
to 
the 
Notes will depend 
on which underlying 
assets the Notes are 
linked to, see below 
in relation to the 
different Underlying 
Schedules. 
The other Schedules 
set out terms and 
conditions 
for 
particular types of 
Notes which will 
apply if specified in 
These Sections set out the 
terms and conditions relating 
to underlying assets and 
particular types of Notes. 
 
478 to 978

--- Page 142 ---
How To Use This Document 
 
142 
 
Title of the sections of the Base 
Prospectus which are relevant: 
Types of Notes to 
which the relevant 
sections 
are 
applicable: 
Description of the relevant 
sections: 
Relevant 
page 
numbers: 
Types of Notes: 
the applicable Issue 
Terms, see below in 
relation to the other 
Schedules. 
• 
Section I: Index of Defined 
Terms 
ALL Notes 
This Section lists all defined 
terms in the Base Prospectus. 
1440 to 1477 
• 
Section 
J: 
Names, 
Addresses and Roles 
ALL Notes 
This Section sets out the 
names, addresses and roles of 
the 
principal 
parties 
in 
relation to the Notes. 
1463 to 1466 
 
Title of the sections of the Base 
Prospectus which are relevant: 
Types of Notes to 
which the relevant 
sections 
are 
applicable: 
Description of the relevant 
sections: 
Relevant 
page 
numbers: 
Schedules and related risk factors: 
• 
Underlying Schedules to 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Notes: 
 
These sections set out terms 
and conditions relating to 
underlying assets. 
One or more sections may 
apply depending on the 
Underlying(s). The Issue 
Terms will specify the 
Underlying(s) to which the 
Notes are linked. 
478 to 843 
− 
Underlying 
Schedule 
1 
(Inflation 
Index 
Conditions) 
Applicable where 
the Issue Terms 
specify 
that 
the 
Notes are linked to 
one 
or 
more 
inflation indices. 
479 to 484 
− 
Risks 
associated with 
Notes linked to 
Inflation 
Indices 
69 to 70 
− 
Underlying 
Schedule 
2 
(Rate 
Conditions) 
Applicable where 
the Issue Terms 
specify 
that 
the 
Notes are linked to 
485 to 487

--- Page 143 ---
How To Use This Document 
 
143 
 
Title of the sections of the Base 
Prospectus which are relevant: 
Types of Notes to 
which the relevant 
sections 
are 
applicable: 
Description of the relevant 
sections: 
Relevant 
page 
numbers: 
Schedules and related risk factors: 
− 
Risks 
associated with 
Notes linked to 
Rates 
and 
Benchmark 
Reform 
one 
or 
more 
interest rates. 
59 to 69 
− 
Risks 
associated with 
Notes linked to 
Rates 
70 to 72 
− 
Underlying 
Schedule 5 (FX 
Rate 
Conditions) 
Applicable where 
the Issue Terms 
specify 
that 
the 
Notes are linked to 
one 
or 
more 
currency exchange 
rates. 
844 to 856 
− 
Risks 
associated with 
Notes linked to 
currency 
exchange rates 
72 to 75 
− 
Underlying 
Schedule 
3 
(Credit Linked 
Conditions) 
Applicable where 
the Issue Terms 
specify 
that 
the 
Notes are Credit 
Linked 
Notes 
linked to the credit 
of one or more 
specified entities. 
These sections provide an 
introduction 
to 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions 
Frequently 
Asked 
Questions and set out terms 
and conditions relating to 
Credit Linked Notes and 
Index Skew Notes. 
The sections that apply to 
the Notes will depend on 
the type of Notes. The Issue 
Terms will specify the type 
of Notes. 
488 to 825 
− 
Risks specific 
to 
Credit 
Linked Notes 
75 to 99 
− 
Underlying 
Schedule 
4 
(Index 
Skew 
Conditions) 
Applicable where 
the Issue Terms 
specify 
that 
the 
Notes are Index 
Skew Notes. 
826 to 843 
− 
Risks specific 
to Index Skew 
Notes 
99 to 100

--- Page 144 ---
How To Use This Document 
 
144 
 
Title of the sections of the Base 
Prospectus which are relevant: 
Types of Notes to 
which the relevant 
sections 
are 
applicable: 
Description of the relevant 
sections: 
Relevant 
page 
numbers: 
Schedules and related risk factors: 
• 
Schedules to the Terms 
and Conditions of the 
Notes: 
 
 
478 to 978 
− 
Schedule 
A 
(Citigroup Inc. 
TLAC eligible 
Notes) 
Applicable only for 
Notes issued by 
Citigroup 
Inc. 
where the Issue 
Terms specify that 
Schedule 
A 
applies. 
This 
section 
sets 
out 
provisions for certain Notes 
issued by Citigroup Inc.. 
857 to 858 
 
Title of the sections of the Base 
Prospectus which are relevant: 
Types of Notes to 
which the relevant 
sections 
are 
applicable: 
Description of the relevant 
sections: 
Relevant 
page 
numbers: 
Payout terms of Notes: 
• 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Schedule 
ALL Notes 
These sections detail the 
economic or payout terms 
of the Notes. 
The 
Issue 
Terms 
will 
specify 
which 
of 
the 
Conditions in the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule 
apply to the Notes. 
859 to 978 
• 
Risks Relating to the 
Structure of a Particular 
Issue of Notes 
100 to 109 
• 
Description 
of 
the 
Return on the Notes 
242 to 261

--- Page 145 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference and Available for Inspection and Supplements 
 
145 
 
SECTION E – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND 
AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS

--- Page 146 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
146 
 
SECTION E.1 – Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. 
Base Prospectus 
The following documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(1) 
the Annual Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-K for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023 filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
"SEC") on 23 February 2024 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K") which is published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202402/8e13ac32-a379-4eff-922a-7071b92a5d70.pdf; 
(2) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2024 
filed with the SEC on 3 May 2024 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q") which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202405/e4bb803a-12fa-44c8-8de2-
82fba8ca560b.pdf; 
(3) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 28 June 2013 (the "2013 Base Prospectus") which is published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_8ba9313d-84cd-4ff0-a42a-
5dba62f1d875.PDF?v=742015;  
(4) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 12 March 2014 (the "2013 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_190ac5cd-59ca-46be-b3dc-
a5962c379c1e.PDF?v=2112015  
(5) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 22 July 2014 (the "2014 Base Prospectus") which is published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_ee474483-9539-45be-ac5c-
c963add2c123.PDF?v=532015;  
(6) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 1 December 2014 (the "2014 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_68c35972-1e7e-4d2b-8f33-
15eb8a3b5295.PDF?v=2112015;  
(7) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 10 August 2015 (the "10 August 2015 Base Prospectus") 
which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_32861db5-fe24-4e99-
b996-2b20d0850933.PDF?v=1492015;  
(8) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 16 November 2015 (the 
"2015 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_e9374c6f-7d97-4c81-afb0-
405538532c9a.PDF?v=2112015;  
(9) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 21 December 2015 (the "21 December 2015 Base 
Prospectus") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-

--- Page 147 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
147 
 
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_79300e07-
6ae0-4d78-83b0-e40802dd59fd.PDF;  
(10) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 21 March 2016 (the "2015 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_f14287b0-eaa6-4aa0-9f8a-20a02643f41a.PDF; 
(11) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.4) dated 18 May 2016 (the "2015 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_d3594b08-44a6-4e52-8719-3e680fed5a69.PDF;  
(12) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2016 (the "2016 Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_696ca3a7-
5105-463c-b682-b136b6b3f06e.PDF; 
(13) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 26 January 2017 (the "2016 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_8c46317c-151d-44ed-8dc1-88a9392e77b3.pdf; 
(14) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 12 May 2017 (the "2016 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_ec706e91-b957-41c2-b9fa-ad02eda3a25b.PDF; 
(15) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.4) dated 21 August 2017 (the "2016 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_a9d6c10f-11e4-4029-9125-d96f78dea40f.PDF; 
(16) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2017 (the "2017 Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Listing+Particulars+15.12_ff273765-ce5f-4190-9259-
0f3f038f846a.PDF; 
(17) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 22 May 2018 (the "2017 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_31c63c9d-815a-49fc-b2e0-e7db46bc77a5.PDF; 
(18) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 20 August 2018 (the "2017 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_8fb26d15-7220-41cb-a5ec-44972b868602.PDF;  
(19) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.9) dated 21 November 2018 (the 
"2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.9") which is published on the website of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_66964f8c-aa48-4479-91e2-1556ed4b0366.PDF;

--- Page 148 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
148 
 
(20) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.10) dated 6 December 2018 (the 
"2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.10") which is published on the website of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_1759b7d7-07a7-4183-8b08-0fed1c2770ea.PDF; 
(21) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 14 December 2018 (the "2018 Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_dc860eba-
c28f-4829-bd16-1291c624f6f4.PDF; 
(22) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 22 March 2019 (the "2018 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_5e5471ef-6977-4c6d-93c7-26b555ad538b.PDF;  
(23) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 1 May 2019 (the "2018 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_a23e8f68-6638-4670-b9be-32a7c92381b9.PDF; 
(24) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2019 (the "2019 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus") 
which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_b3607262-b94c-402e-
84a3-c6d792ab91ef.PDF; 
(25) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 23 August 2019 (the "2019 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_cd56efd2-f79c-4db7-8b7a-1cabdf7e5844.PDF; 
(26) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 10 October 2019 (the "2019 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_135c9b35-756c-456a-970b-43716c6ac901.PDF;  
(27) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 8 November 2019 (the "2019 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_a25ca9c2-88ed-423e-b249-8e8c32f6c792.PDF; 
(28) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2020 (the "2020 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus") 
which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_1fe5ed56-00f1-4bc0-
b9b9-aead1d6022b0.PDF; 
(29) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.4) dated 17 November 2020 (the 
"2020 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4") which is published on the website of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_521afeb6-08f6-4867-9051-e492c4eda50e.PDF; 
(30) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.6) dated 16 March 2021 (the "2020 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.6") which is published on the website of Euronext

--- Page 149 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
149 
 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202103/22fcb2c2-0c0c-4215-953d-b359d04c8c57.PDF;  
(31) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.7) dated 27 April 2021 (the "2020 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.7") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202104/bbfa0f86-2fd4-4f7e-a0fc-f07911deca99.PDF; 
(32) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2021 (the "2021 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus") 
which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202107/8073b5d3-2fc9-42ff-80ad-
ec196405aeb2.PDF; 
(33) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 30 July 2021 (the "2021 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202107/0c37e98d-806d-4768-aa7f-901e1c03402a.PDF; 
(34) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 23 September 2021 (the 
"2021 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202109/871fc40e-5f0f-4a25-b565-441ac20b3259.PDF; 
(35) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 1 December 2021 (the "2021 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202112/c1cf2388-0cad-4810-aad1-570ce89e3677.PDF; 
(36) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.6) dated 1 February 2022 (the "2021 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.6") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202202/f21879b8-73d0-4e68-aee3-2c0c8c8b1850.PDF; 
(37) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.7) dated 4 February 2022 (the "2021 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.7") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202202/e5bb1cce-5457-47e9-9fb4-dde2ccc8702d.PDF; 
(38) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.10) dated 24 May 2022 (the "2021 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.10") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202205/c6b75d02-0808-47ec-9efc-b3695e81b5d6.PDF. 
(39) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2022 (the "2022 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus") 
which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202207/3092ef8c-2b10-4432-bdd7-
02a9e14aef22.PDF; 
(40) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 16 September 2022 (the 
"2022 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202209/2e739422-fedd-4502-855a-aa8110712a19.PDF;

--- Page 150 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
150 
 
(41) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.9) dated 15 March 2023 (the "2022 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.9") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202303/a8726541-bad2-48cd-bb06-c8d09cd10202.pdf; 
(42) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.11) dated 24 May 2023 (the "2022 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.11") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202305/4a15475c-0953-423b-a0ff-6e8439e4ea7f.pdf. 
(43) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 7 July 2023 (the "2023 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus") 
which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202307/7cfe5a7c-c08d-475e-b9cb-
9e6de8ed3f49.pdf; 
(44) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 22 August 2023 (the "2023 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202308/2651131a-d60e-4acd-96a8-fcd05a47e93b.pdf; 
(45) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 31 October 2023 (the "2023 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202310/c4623a74-e385-4af8-ae92-48381148f284.PDF; 
(46) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 30 January 2024 (the "2023 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202401/d7f94fcf-d687-4da5-a459-2385d4aeccbb.pdf; 
(47) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.6) dated 13 March 2024 (the "2023 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.6") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202403/1feaba64-edc9-4313-ba66-4e37c6a54171.pdf; and 
(48) 
the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.7) dated 30 April 2024 (the "2023 
Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.7") which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202404/d9737926-42b8-43d1-9ad1-60ac7d230545.pdf. 
The following information appears on the pages of the relevant document(s) as set out below: 
1. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2023 and 
2022 and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021, as set out in the Citigroup 
Inc. 2023 Form 10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
144-145 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
146-147 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
148-149

--- Page 151 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
151 
 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
150-151 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
152-313 
F. 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm – 
Consolidated Financial Statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 
December 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended 31 December 
2023, 2022 and 2021 
139-142 
2. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 
10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment Revenues and 
Income (Loss) and Select Balance Sheet Items by Segment 
4-30 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
(i) 
Services, Markets, Banking, U.S. Personal Banking, 
Wealth, All Other – Divestiture-Related Impacts 
(Reconciling Items) and All Other – Managed Basis 
14-30 
 
(ii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
167-170 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 
14 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
201-209 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment 
Revenues and Income (Loss) and Select Balance Sheet 
Items by Segment 
4-30 
 
(ii) 
Capital Resources 
31-47 
 
(iii) 
Risk Factors 
48-65 
 
(iv) 
Climate Change and Net Zero 
62-63 
 
(v) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates 
130-136 
 
(vi) 
Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements 
152-163 
E. 
Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
136 
F. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
303-309

--- Page 152 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
152 
 
G. 
Executive Officers 
319-320 
H. 
Citigroup Board of Directors 
321 
I. 
Risk Factors 
48-65 
J. 
Risk Management 
68-129 
K. 
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 
323-328 
3. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
90-91 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
92-93 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
94 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
96-97 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
98-201 
4. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 
10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-25 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
4-25 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
74 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
104-105 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 
13 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
119-126 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
3-25

--- Page 153 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
153 
 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and 
Segment Balance Sheet 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and Procedures,  
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat 
Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and Forward-
Looking Statements 
80-85 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
98-100 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 27 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
199-200 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
39-79 
5. 
As set out in the 2013 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
F-1 - F-145 
6. 
As set out in the 2013 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Amendments to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus  
4 
(b) 
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) 
29-53 
(c) 
Pro Forma Final Terms  
54-94 
7. 
As set out in the 2014 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
195-421 
8. 
As set out in the 2014 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2:  
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus  
 
(a) 
Pro Forma Final Terms  
4 
(b) 
General Conditions of the Notes  
4-5 
9. 
As set out in the 10 August 2015 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 154 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
154 
 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
210-435 
10. 
As set out in the 2015 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus  
 
(a) 
Summary  
3 
11. 
As set out in the 21 December 2015 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
238-478 
12. 
As set out in the 2015 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2:  
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Summary 
5 
(b) 
Additional information to be supplemented 
10-36 
13. 
As set out in the 2015 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Pro Forma Final Terms 
5 
(b) 
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
5 
(c) 
Schedule 2 – General Conditions of the Notes 
62 
14. 
As set out in the 2016 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
265-513 
15. 
As set out in the 2016 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – General Conditions of the Notes 
64-65 
(b) 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
66-67 
16. 
As set out in the 2016 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3:

--- Page 155 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
155 
 
 
 
Pages(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
63 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
64 
17. 
As set out in the 2016 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the General Conditions of the Notes 
70 
18. 
As set out in the 2017 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
278-535 
19. 
As set out in the 2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – General Conditions of the Notes 
73-89 
(b) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
90-165 
20. 
As set out in the 2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – General Conditions of the Notes 
68-73 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
74-75 
21. 
As set out in the 2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.9: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
The paragraph entitled "Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" 
8 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
72 
22. 
As set out in the 2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.10:

--- Page 156 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
156 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 1 –Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
7-8 
(b) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
9-12 
23. 
As set out in the 2018 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
308-464 
24. 
As set out in the 2018 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– General Conditions of the Notes 
88-92 
(b) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
93-97 
25. 
As set out in the 2018 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– General Conditions of the Notes 
84-106 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
107-123 
26. 
As set out in the 2019 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section F – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
325-654 
27. 
As set out in the 2019 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5– Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
81-84 
28. 
As set out in the 2019 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus

--- Page 157 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
157 
 
(a) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
81 
29. 
As set out in the 2019 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
87 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
88 
30. 
As set out in the 2020 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus: 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
259-837 
31. 
As set out in the 2020 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4: 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
26-28 
32. 
As set out in the 2020 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.6: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 14 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – General Conditions of the Notes 
80-85 
(b) 
Schedule 15 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Underlying Schedule 2 - Rate Conditions 
86 
(c) 
Schedule 16 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Underlying Schedule 3 - Credit Linked Conditions 
87-99 
(d) 
Schedule 17– Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
100-124 
(e) 
Schedule 18 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
125-159 
33. 
As set out in the 2020 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.7: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Underlying Schedule 1 - Inflation Index Conditions 
14

--- Page 158 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
158 
 
(b) 
Schedule 6– Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
15-16 
(c) 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
17-19 
34. 
As set out in the 2021 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
291-899 
35. 
As set out in the 2021 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– General Conditions of the Notes 
11 
36. 
As set out in the 2021 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 4– Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
16-18 
(b) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
19-22 
37. 
As set out in the 2021 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(b) 
Schedule 8 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
28 
38. 
As set out in the 2021 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.6: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
13-14 
39. 
As set out in the 2021 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.7: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– General Conditions of the Notes 
32

--- Page 159 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
159 
 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Underlying Schedule 2 - Rate Conditions 
33-35 
(c) 
Schedule 5– Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
36-57 
(d) 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
58-86 
40. 
As set out in the 2021 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.10: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
34-35 
(b) 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
36 
41. 
As set out in the 2022 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
342-1067 
42. 
As set out in the 2022 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 1 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
8 
43. 
As set out in the 2022 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.9: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
– General Conditions of the Notes 
15 
44. 
As set out in the 2022 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.9: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
24 
45. 
As set out in the 2023 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 160 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
160 
 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
378-937 
46. 
As set out in the 2023 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 1 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
- Underlying Schedule 3 - Credit Linked Conditions – Part B - 2014 
Reference Entity 
16 
(b) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Underlying Schedule 3 - Credit Linked 
Conditions – Part C - 2003 Reference Entity 
17 
(c) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
- Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
18-19 
47. 
As set out in the 2023 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
- Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
12-13 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
14-16 
48. 
As set out in the 2023 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
- General Conditions of the Notes 
12 
 
 
 
49. 
As set out in the 2023 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.6: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
- General Conditions of the Notes 
26-28 
(b) 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
- Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
29-36

--- Page 161 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus 
 
161 
 
(c) 
Schedule 8 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
37-45 
50. 
As set out in the 2023 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.7: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 1 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
- Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
11-14 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference list above but included in the above mentioned 
documents is additional information given for information purposes only. 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Reports on Form 10-
K for fiscal years after 2023, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by 
Citigroup Inc. with the SEC pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to 
the date of the financial statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K and the Citigroup Inc. 
2024 Q1 Form 10-Q referred to above will be available to the public on the SEC's website (address: 
http://www.sec.gov). 
The Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference therein, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus and any applicable Issue Terms. Any statement contained therein or in any document 
incorporated by reference therein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this 
Base Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or any other subsequently dated document incorporated 
by reference therein modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus or 
the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus.

--- Page 162 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
162 
 
SECTION E.2 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE 
CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2022 containing its 
audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2022 and 2021 and for each of the 
years in the three year period ended 31 December 2022 (the "CGMHI 2022 Annual Report") 
which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202305/261d3ad5-2558-4756-b8fe-
58c66c212593.pdf; 
(2) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2023 containing its 
audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2022 and 2022 and for each of the 
years in the three year period ended 31 December 2023 (the "CGMHI 2023 Annual Report") 
which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202405/c0656697-d03f-4b42-bd70-
605283df8fdd.pdf; 
(3) 
the Annual Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-K for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023 filed with the SEC on 23 February 2024 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 
10-K") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-
data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202402/8e13ac32-a379-4eff-922a-
7071b92a5d70.pdf; 
(4) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2024 
filed with the SEC on 3 May 2024 (the "Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q") which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202405/e4bb803a-12fa-44c8-8de2-
82fba8ca560b.pdf; 
(5) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 21 December 2015 (the "21 December 2015 Base 
Prospectus") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_79300e07-
6ae0-4d78-83b0-e40802dd59fd.PDF;  
(6) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 21 March 2016 (the "2015 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_f14287b0-eaa6-4aa0-9f8a-20a02643f41a.PDF; 
(7) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.4) dated 18 May 2016 (the "2015 CGMHI 
Rates BP Supplement No.4") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_d3594b08-44a6-4e52-8719-3e680fed5a69.PDF;  
(8) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2016 (the "2016 CGMHI Base Prospectus") 
which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_696ca3a7-5105-463c-
b682-b136b6b3f06e.PDF; 
(9) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 26 January 2017 (the "2016 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.1") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin

--- Page 163 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
163 
 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_8c46317c-151d-44ed-8dc1-88a9392e77b3.pdf; 
(10) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.4) dated 21 August 2017 (the "2016 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.4") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_a9d6c10f-11e4-4029-9125-d96f78dea40f.PDF; 
(11) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2017 (the "2017 CGMHI Base Prospectus") 
which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Listing+Particulars+15.12_ff273765-ce5f-4190-9259-
0f3f038f846a.PDF; 
(12) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 22 May 2018 (the "2017 CGMHI 
Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_31c63c9d-815a-49fc-b2e0-e7db46bc77a5.PDF; 
(13) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 20 August 2018 (the "2017 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_8fb26d15-7220-41cb-a5ec-44972b868602.PDF;  
(14) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.9) dated 21 November 2018 (the "2017 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.9") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_66964f8c-aa48-4479-91e2-1556ed4b0366.PDF;  
(15) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.10) dated 6 December 2018 (the "2017 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.10") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_1759b7d7-07a7-4183-8b08-0fed1c2770ea.PDF; 
(16) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 14 December 2018 (the "2018 CGMHI Base Prospectus") 
which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_dc860eba-c28f-4829-
bd16-1291c624f6f4.PDF; 
(17) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 22 March 2019 (the "2018 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_5e5471ef-6977-4c6d-93c7-26b555ad538b.PDF; 
(18) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 1 May 2019 (the "2018 CGMHI 
Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_a23e8f68-6638-4670-b9be-32a7c92381b9.PDF; 
(19) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2019 (the "2019 CGMHI Base Prospectus") which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_b3607262-b94c-402e-
84a3-c6d792ab91ef.PDF;

--- Page 164 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
164 
 
(20) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 23 August 2019 (the "2019 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.1") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_cd56efd2-f79c-4db7-8b7a-1cabdf7e5844.PDF; 
(21) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 10 October 2019 (the "2019 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_135c9b35-756c-456a-970b-43716c6ac901.PDF;  
(22) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 8 November 2019 (the "2019 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_a25ca9c2-88ed-423e-b249-8e8c32f6c792.PDF; 
(23) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2020 (the "2020 CGMHI Base Prospectus") which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_1fe5ed56-00f1-4bc0-
b9b9-aead1d6022b0.PDF; 
(24) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 17 November 2020 (the "2020 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_521afeb6-08f6-4867-9051-e492c4eda50e.PDF; 
(25) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.7) dated 16 March 2021 (the "2020 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.7") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202103/22fcb2c2-0c0c-4215-953d-b359d04c8c57.PDF;  
(26) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.8) dated 27 April 2021 (the "2020 CGMHI 
Rates BP Supplement No.8") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202104/bbfa0f86-
2fd4-4f7e-a0fc-f07911deca99.PDF; 
(27) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2021 (the "2021 CGMHI Base Prospectus") which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202107/8073b5d3-2fc9-42ff-80ad-
ec196405aeb2.PDF; 
(28) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 30 July 2021 (the "2021 CGMHI 
Rates BP Supplement No.1") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202107/0c37e98d-
806d-4768-aa7f-901e1c03402a.PDF; 
(29) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 23 September 2021 (the "2021 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202109/871fc40e-5f0f-4a25-b565-441ac20b3259.PDF; 
(30) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 1 December 2021 (the "2021 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin

--- Page 165 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
165 
 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202112/c1cf2388-0cad-4810-aad1-570ce89e3677.PDF; 
(31) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.6) dated 1 February 2022 (the "2021 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.6") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202202/f21879b8-73d0-4e68-aee3-2c0c8c8b1850.PDF; 
(32) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.7) dated 4 February 2022 (the "2021 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.7") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202202/e5bb1cce-5457-47e9-9fb4-dde2ccc8702d.PDF; 
(33) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.10) dated 24 May 2022 (the "2021 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.10") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202205/c6b75d02-0808-47ec-9efc-b3695e81b5d6.PDF; 
(34) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2022 (the "2022 CGMHI Base Prospectus") which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202207/3092ef8c-2b10-4432-bdd7-
02a9e14aef22.PDF; 
(35) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 16 September 2022 (the "2022 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202209/2e739422-fedd-4502-855a-aa8110712a19.PDF;  
(36) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.9) dated 15 March 2023 (the "2022 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.9") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202303/a8726541-bad2-48cd-bb06-c8d09cd10202.pdf; and 
(37) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.11) dated 24 May 2023 (the "2022 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.11") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202305/4a15475c-0953-423b-a0ff-6e8439e4ea7f.pdf. 
(38) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 7 July 2023 (the "2023 CGMHI Base Prospectus") which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202307/7cfe5a7c-c08d-475e-b9cb-
9e6de8ed3f49.pdf; 
(39) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 22 August 2023 (the "2023 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202308/2651131a-d60e-4acd-96a8-fcd05a47e93b.pdf; 
(40) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.4) dated 31 October 2023 (the "2023 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.4") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202310/c4623a74-e385-4af8-ae92-48381148f284.PDF;

--- Page 166 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
166 
 
(41) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.6) dated 30 January 2024 (the "2023 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.6") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202401/d7f94fcf-d687-4da5-a459-2385d4aeccbb.pdf; 
(42) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.7) dated 13 March 2024 (the "2023 
CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.7") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202403/1feaba64-edc9-4313-ba66-4e37c6a54171.pdf; and 
(43) 
the CGMHI Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.8) dated 30 April 2024 (the "2023 CGMHI 
Rates BP Supplement No.8") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202404/d9737926-42b8-43d1-9ad1-60ac7d230545.pdf. 
The following information appears on the specified pages of the relevant documents as set out below: 
 
1. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2022 and 2021 
for each of the years in the three year period ended 31 December 2022, as set out in the 
CGMHI 2022 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
"Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements" 
(a) 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
(b) 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
(c) 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
(d) 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' 
Equity 
5 
(e) 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
6 
(f) 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-65 
(g) 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Thirty seventh and thirty eighth 
page of the published CGMHI 
2022 Annual Report 
2. 
The Management Report of CGMHI, as set out in the CGMHI 2022 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
"Management Report" 
(a) 
Management Report 
1-31 
3. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2023 and 
2022 for each of the years in the three year period ended 31 December 2023, as set out in 
the CGMHI 2023 Annual Report:

--- Page 167 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
167 
 
 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
"Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements" 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
B. 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
C. 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
D. 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder's 
Equity 
5 
E. 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
6 
F. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-64 
G. 
Independent Auditors' Report 
Fortieth to forty-second page of 
the published CGMHI 2023 
Annual Report 
4. 
The Management Report of CGMHI, as set out in the CGMHI 2023 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
"Management Report" 
A. 
Management Report 
1-34 
5. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2023 and 
2022 and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021, as set out in the Citigroup 
Inc. 2023 Form 10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive 
Income 
144-145 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
146-147 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' 
Equity 
148-149 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
150-151 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
152-313 
F. 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting 
Firm – Consolidated Financial Statements of Citigroup 
Inc. as of 31 December 2023 and 2022 and for the years 
ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021 
139-142 
6. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 
10-K: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 168 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
168 
 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. 
– Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
Segment Revenues and Income (Loss) and Select 
Balance Sheet Items by Segment 
4-30 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup 
Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Services, Markets, Banking, U.S. Personal 
Banking, Wealth, All Other – Divestiture-
Related Impacts (Reconciling Items) and All 
Other – Managed Basis 
14-30 
 
(ii) 
Note 
3 
(Operating 
Segments) 
to 
the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
167-170 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup 
Inc. – Note 14 (Investments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
201-209 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup 
Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations, Segment Revenues and Income 
(Loss) and Select Balance Sheet Items by 
Segment 
4-30 
 
(ii) 
Capital Resources 
31-47 
 
(iii) 
Risk Factors 
48-65 
 
(iv) 
Climate Change and Net Zero 
62-63 
 
(v) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant 
Estimates 
130-136 
 
(vi) 
Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting 
Policies) 
to 
the 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
152-163 
E. 
Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
136 
F. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
303-309 
G. 
Executive Officers 
319-320 
H. 
Citigroup Board of Directors 
321 
I. 
Risk Factors 
48-65

--- Page 169 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
169 
 
J. 
Risk Management 
68-129 
K. 
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 
323-328 
7. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive 
Income 
90-91 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
92-93 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' 
Equity 
94 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
96-97 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
98-201 
8. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 
10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues 
and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-25 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup 
Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
4-25 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
74 
 
(iii) 
Note 
3 
(Operating 
Segments) 
to 
the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
104-105 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup 
Inc. – Note 13 (Investments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
119-126 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup 
Inc. 
 
 
(iv) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
3-25

--- Page 170 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
170 
 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
 
(v) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant 
Estimates, Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls 
and Procedures,  Disclosure Pursuant to Section 
219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria 
Human Rights Act and Forward-Looking 
Statements 
80-85 
 
(vi) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated 
Accounting Policies and Accounting Changes) 
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
98-100 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – 
Note 27 (Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
199-200 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of 
Contents and Managing Global Risk 
39-79 
9. 
As set out in the 21 December 2015 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section H – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
238-478 
10. 
As set out in the 2015 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Summary 
7 
(b) 
Additional information to be supplemented 
10-36 
11. 
As set out in the 2015 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.4: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Pro Forma Final Terms 
9 
(b) 
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
9 
(c) 
Schedule 2 – General Conditions of the Notes 
62 
 
 
12. 
As set out in the 2016 CGMHI Base Prospectus:

--- Page 171 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
171 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section H – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
265-513 
13. 
As set out in the 2016 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
64-65 
(b) 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
66-67 
14. 
As set out in the 2016 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.4: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the General Conditions 
of the Notes 
70 
15. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMHI Base Prospectus: 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section H – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
278-535 
16. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
73-89 
(b) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
90-165 
17. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus

--- Page 172 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
172 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
68-73 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
74-75 
18. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.9: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
The paragraph entitled "Amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" 
8 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
72 
19. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.10: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 1 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes 
7-8 
(b) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
9-12 
20. 
As set out in the 2018 CGMHI Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section H – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
308-464 
21. 
As set out in the 2018 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
88-92 
(b) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
93-97 
22. 
As set out in the 2018 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3:

--- Page 173 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
173 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
84-106 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
107-123 
23. 
As set out in the 2019 CGMHI Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section H – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
325-654 
24. 
As set out in the 2019 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5– Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
81-84 
25. 
As set out in the 2019 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
81 
26. 
As set out in the 2019 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
87 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
88 
27. 
As set out in the 2020 CGMHI Base Prospectus:

--- Page 174 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
174 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
259-837 
28. 
As set out in the 2020 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
26-28 
29. 
As set out in the 2020 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.7: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(b) 
Schedule 14 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
80-85 
(c) 
Schedule 15 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Underlying Schedule 2 - 
Rate Conditions 
86 
(d) 
Schedule 16 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Underlying Schedule 3 - 
Credit Linked Conditions 
87-99 
(e) 
Schedule 17– Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
100-124 
(f) 
Schedule 18 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
125-159 
30. 
As set out in the 2020 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.8: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Underlying Schedule 1 - 
Inflation Index Conditions 
14 
(b) 
Schedule 6– Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
15-16

--- Page 175 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
175 
 
(c) 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
17-19 
 
 
 
31. 
As set out in the 2021 CGMHI Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
291-899 
32. 
As set out in the 2021 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – General Conditions of the Notes 
11 
33. 
As set out in the 2021 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 4– Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
16-18 
(b) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
19-22 
34. 
As set out in the 2021 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(b) 
Schedule 8 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
28 
35. 
As set out in the 2021 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.6: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
13-14 
36. 
As set out in the 2021 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.7: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 176 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
176 
 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – General Conditions of the Notes 
32 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – Underlying Schedule 2 - Rate Conditions 
33-35 
(c) 
Schedule 5– Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
36-57 
(d) 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
58-86 
37. 
As set out in the 2021 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.10: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
34-35 
(b) 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
36 
38. 
As set out in the 2022 CGMHI Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
342-1067 
39. 
As set out in the 2022 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 1 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
8 
40. 
As set out in the 2022 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.9: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes – General Conditions of the Notes 
15 
41. 
As set out in the 2022 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.11: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 177 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
177 
 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
24 
42. 
As set out in the 2023 CGMHI Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
378-937 
43. 
As set out in the 2023 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 1 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes - Underlying Schedule 3 - Credit Linked 
Conditions – Part B - 2014 Reference Entity 
16 
(b) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Underlying 
Schedule 3 - Credit Linked Conditions – Part C - 2003 
Reference Entity 
17 
(c) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes - Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
18-19 
44. 
As set out in the 2023 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.4: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes - Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
12-13 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
14-16 
45. 
As set out in the 2023 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.6: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes - General Conditions of the Notes 
12

--- Page 178 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
 
178 
 
 
 
 
46. 
As set out in the 2023 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.7: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes - General Conditions of the Notes 
26-28 
(b) 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes - Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
29-36 
(c) 
Schedule 8 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final Terms 
37-45 
47. 
As set out in the 2023 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.8: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMHI Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 1 – Amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes - Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
11-14 
 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference list above but included in the above mentioned 
documents is additional information given for information purposes only. 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Report on Form 10-
K for fiscal years after 2023, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by 
Citigroup Inc. with the SEC pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to 
the date of the financial statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K and the Citigroup Inc. 
2024 Q1 Form 10-Q referred to above will be available to the public on the SEC's website (address: 
http://www.sec.gov). 
The CGMHI Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference therein, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus and any applicable Issue Terms. Any statement contained therein or in any document 
incorporated by reference therein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this 
Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or the CGMHI Base Prospectus or any other subsequently dated document incorporated by reference 
therein modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be 
deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 179 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
179 
 
SECTION E.3– DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE 
CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(1) 
the annual report of CGMFL containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for 
the period ended 31 December 2022 (the "CGMFL 2022 Annual Report") which is published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202305/ca165450-f1b3-440b-8427-42b88e010f58.pdf; 
(2) 
the annual report of CGMFL containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for 
the period ended 31 December 2023 (the CGMFL 2023 Annual Report) which is published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202405/7ecd837e-f9e4-4389-89c2-c3504a924c97.pdf; 
(3) 
the annual report and audited non-consolidated financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the "CGMFL Guarantor 2022 Annual Report") which 
is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202305/41fc0778-3614-461f-954c-
0c1f5e6aa140.pdf; 
(4) 
the annual report of CGML containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for the 
year ended 31 December 2023 (the CGML 2023 Annual Report) which is published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202405/480632f3-e887-4ef3-8f2b-b4d4a4c63c6b.pdf; 
(5) 
the Annual Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-K for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023 filed with the SEC on 23 February 2024 (the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-
K) which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202402/8e13ac32-a379-4eff-922a-
7071b92a5d70.pdf; 
(6) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2024 
filed with the SEC on 3 May 2024 (the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q) which is published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202405/e4bb803a-12fa-44c8-8de2-82fba8ca560b.pdf; 
(7) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 28 June 2013 (the "2013 Base Prospectus") which is published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_8ba9313d-84cd-4ff0-a42a-
5dba62f1d875.PDF?v=742015;  
(8) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 12 March 2014 (the "2013 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_190ac5cd-59ca-46be-b3dc-
a5962c379c1e.PDF?v=2112015;  
(9) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 22 July 2014 (the "2014 Base Prospectus") which is published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_ee474483-9539-45be-ac5c-
c963add2c123.PDF?v=532015;

--- Page 180 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
180 
 
(10) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 1 December 2014 (the "2014 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_68c35972-1e7e-4d2b-8f33-
15eb8a3b5295.PDF?v=2112015;  
(11) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 10 August 2015 (the "10 August 2015 Base Prospectus") 
which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_32861db5-fe24-4e99-
b996-2b20d0850933.PDF?v=1492015;  
(12) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 16 November 2015 (the "2015 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_e9374c6f-7d97-4c81-afb0-
405538532c9a.PDF?v=2112015;  
(13) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 21 December 2015 (the "21 December 2015 Base 
Prospectus") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_79300e07-
6ae0-4d78-83b0-e40802dd59fd.PDF;  
(14) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 21 March 2016 (the "2015 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_f14287b0-eaa6-4aa0-9f8a-20a02643f41a.PDF; 
(15) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.4) dated 18 May 2016 (the "2015 CGMFL 
Rates BP Supplement No.4") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_d3594b08-44a6-4e52-8719-3e680fed5a69.PDF;  
(16) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2016 (the "2016 CGMFL Base Prospectus") 
which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_696ca3a7-5105-463c-
b682-b136b6b3f06e.PDF; 
(17) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 26 January 2017 (the "2016 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.1") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_8c46317c-151d-44ed-8dc1-88a9392e77b3.pdf; 
(18) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 12 May 2017 (the "2016 CGMFL 
Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_ec706e91-b957-41c2-b9fa-ad02eda3a25b.PDF; 
(19) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.4) dated 21 August 2017 (the "2016 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.4") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_a9d6c10f-11e4-4029-9125-d96f78dea40f.PDF;

--- Page 181 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
181 
 
(20) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 15 December 2017 (the "2017 CGMFL Base Prospectus") 
which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Listing+Particulars+15.12_ff273765-ce5f-4190-9259-
0f3f038f846a.PDF; 
(21) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 22 May 2018 (the "2017 CGMFL 
Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_31c63c9d-815a-49fc-b2e0-e7db46bc77a5.PDF; 
(22) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 20 August 2018 (the "2017 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of the Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_8fb26d15-7220-41cb-a5ec-44972b868602.PDF; 
(23) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.9) dated 21 November 2018 (the "2017 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.9") which is published on the website of the Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_66964f8c-aa48-4479-91e2-1556ed4b0366.PDF; 
(24) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.10) dated 6 December 2018 (the "2017 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.10") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_1759b7d7-07a7-4183-8b08-0fed1c2770ea.PDF;  
(25) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 14 December 2018 (the "2018 CGMFL Base Prospectus") 
which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_dc860eba-c28f-4829-
bd16-1291c624f6f4.PDF; 
(26) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 22 March 2019 (the "2018 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_5e5471ef-6977-4c6d-93c7-26b555ad538b.PDF; 
(27) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 1 May 2019 (the "2018 CGMFL 
Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_a23e8f68-6638-4670-b9be-32a7c92381b9.PDF; 
(28) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2019 (the "2019 CGMFL Base Prospectus") which 
is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_b3607262-b94c-402e-
84a3-c6d792ab91ef.PDF; 
(29) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 23 August 2019 (the "2019 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.1") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_cd56efd2-f79c-4db7-8b7a-1cabdf7e5844.PDF; 
(30) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 10 October 2019 (the "2019 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin

--- Page 182 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
182 
 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_135c9b35-756c-456a-970b-43716c6ac901.PDF;  
(31) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 8 November 2019 (the "2019 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_a25ca9c2-88ed-423e-b249-8e8c32f6c792.PDF; 
(32) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2020 (the "2020 CGMFL Base Prospectus") which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_1fe5ed56-00f1-4bc0-
b9b9-aead1d6022b0.PDF; 
(33) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.5) dated 17 November 2020 (the "2020 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_521afeb6-08f6-4867-9051-e492c4eda50e.PDF; 
(34) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.7) dated 16 March 2021 (the "2020 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.7") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202103/22fcb2c2-0c0c-4215-953d-b359d04c8c57.PDF;  
(35) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.8) dated 27 April 2021 (the "2020 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.8") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202104/bbfa0f86-2fd4-4f7e-a0fc-f07911deca99.PDF; 
(36) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2021 (the "2021 CGMFL Base Prospectus") which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202107/8073b5d3-2fc9-42ff-80ad-
ec196405aeb2.PDF; 
(37) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.1) dated 30 July 2021 (the "2021 CGMFL 
Rates BP Supplement No.1") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202107/0c37e98d-
806d-4768-aa7f-901e1c03402a.PDF; 
(38) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 23 September 2021 (the "2021 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202109/871fc40e-5f0f-4a25-b565-441ac20b3259.PDF; 
(39) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.6) dated 1 December 2021 (the "2021 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.6") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202112/c1cf2388-0cad-4810-aad1-570ce89e3677.PDF; 
(40) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.7) dated 1 February 2022 (the "2021 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.7") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202202/f21879b8-73d0-4e68-aee3-2c0c8c8b1850.PDF;

--- Page 183 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
183 
 
(41) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.8) dated 4 February 2022 (the "2021 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.8") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202202/e5bb1cce-5457-47e9-9fb4-dde2ccc8702d.PDF; 
(42) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.11) dated 24 May 2022 (the "2021 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.11") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202205/c6b75d02-0808-47ec-9efc-b3695e81b5d6.PDF; 
(43) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 8 July 2022 (the "2022 CGMFL Base Prospectus") which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202207/3092ef8c-2b10-4432-bdd7-
02a9e14aef22.PDF; 
(44) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.3) dated 16 September 2022 (the "2022 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202209/2e739422-fedd-4502-855a-aa8110712a19.PDF; 
(45) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.9) dated 15 March 2023 (the "2022 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.9") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202303/a8726541-bad2-48cd-bb06-c8d09cd10202.pdf.; 
(46) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.11) dated 24 May 2023 (the "2022 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.11") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202305/4a15475c-0953-423b-a0ff-6e8439e4ea7f.pdf 
(47) 
the Rates Base Prospectus dated 7 July 2023 (the "2023 CGMFL Base Prospectus") which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202307/7cfe5a7c-c08d-475e-b9cb-
9e6de8ed3f49.pdf; 
(48) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.2) dated 22 August 2023 (the "2023 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202308/2651131a-d60e-4acd-96a8-fcd05a47e93b.pdf; 
(49) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.4) dated 31 October 2023 (the "2023 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.4") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202310/c4623a74-e385-4af8-ae92-48381148f284.PDF; 
(50) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.6) dated 30 January 2024 (the "2023 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.6") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202401/d7f94fcf-d687-4da5-a459-2385d4aeccbb.pdf; 
(51) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.7) dated 13 March 2024 (the "2023 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.7") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin

--- Page 184 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
184 
 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202403/1feaba64-edc9-4313-ba66-4e37c6a54171.pdf; and 
(52) 
the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus Supplement (No.8) dated 30 April 2024 (the "2023 
CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.8") which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202404/d9737926-42b8-43d1-9ad1-60ac7d230545.pdf. 
Citigroup Inc. has not guaranteed, and is not otherwise liable for, the obligations of CGMFL or 
the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of Notes issued by CGMFL. Holders of Notes issued by CGMFL 
are subject to the credit risk of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, without recourse to 
Citigroup Inc., or any other party, and are dependent on the ability of CGMFL and the CGMFL 
Guarantor to make payments on their respective obligations as they become due. 
The following information appears on the specified pages of the relevant documents as set out below: 
1. 
Audited historical non-consolidated financial information of CGMFL in respect of the 
period ended 31 December 2022, as set out in the CGMFL 2022 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Statement of Financial Position 
1 
B. 
Statement 
of 
Profit 
or 
Loss 
and 
other 
Comprehensive Income 
2 
C. 
Statements of Changes in Equity 
3 
D. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
4 
E. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
5-53 
F. 
Report on the audit of the financial statements by 
KPMG Luxembourg Société Coopérative (formerly 
KPMG Luxembourg S.à.r.l.) 
Fifteenth to twentieth pages of the 
published CGMFL 2022 Annual 
Report 
2. 
Audited historical non-consolidated financial information of CGMFL in respect of the 
period ended 31 December 2023, as set out in the CGMFL 2023 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Statement of Financial Position 
1 
B. 
Statement 
of 
Profit 
or 
Loss 
and 
other 
Comprehensive Income 
2 
C. 
Statements of Changes in Equity 
3 
D. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
4 
E. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
5-52 
F. 
Report on the audit of the financial statements by 
KPMG Luxembourg Société Coopérative (formerly 
KPMG Luxembourg S.à r.l.) 
Fifteenth to twentieth pages of the 
published CGMFL 2023 Annual 
Report

--- Page 185 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
185 
 
3. 
Audited historical financial information of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the year 
ended 31 December 2022, as set out in the CGMFL Guarantor 2022 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Income Statement 
27 
B. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
28 
C. 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
29 
D. 
Balance Sheet 
30 
E. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
31 
F. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
32-106 
G. 
Independent Auditor's Report to the members of 
CGML 
23-26 
4. 
Audited historical financial information of CGML in respect of the year ended 31 
December 2023, as set out in the CGML 2023 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Income Statement 
31 
B. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
32 
C. 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
33 
D. 
Balance Sheet 
34 
E. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
35 
F. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
36-117 
G. 
Independent Auditor's Report to the members of 
CGML 
27-30 
5. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2023 and 
2022 and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 2022 and 2021, as set out in the Citigroup 
Inc. 2023 Form 10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and 
Comprehensive Income 
144-145 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
146-147 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Stockholders' Equity 
148-149 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
150-151

--- Page 186 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
186 
 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
152-313 
F. 
Report 
of 
Independent 
Registered 
Public 
Accounting 
Firm 
– 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 
2023 and 2022 and for the years ended 31 December 
2023, 2022 and 2021 
139-142 
6. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 
10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup 
Inc. – Overview, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations, Segment Revenues and Income (Loss) 
and Select Balance Sheet Items by Segment 
4-30 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which 
Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Services, Markets, Banking, U.S. Personal 
Banking, Wealth, All Other – Divestiture-
Related Impacts (Reconciling Items) and 
All Other – Managed Basis 
14-30 
 
(ii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
167-170 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of 
Citigroup Inc. – Note 14 (Investments) to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
201-209 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting 
Citigroup Inc. 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment Revenues 
and Income (Loss) and Select Balance 
Sheet Items by Segment 
4-30 
 
(ii) 
Capital Resources 
31-47 
 
(iii) 
Risk Factors 
48-65 
 
(iv) 
Climate Change and Net Zero 
62-63 
 
(v) 
Significant 
Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant Estimates 
130-136

--- Page 187 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
187 
 
 
(vi) 
Note 
1 
(Summary 
of 
Significant 
Accounting Policies) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
152-163 
E. 
Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
136 
F. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
303-309 
G. 
Executive Officers 
319-320 
H. 
Citigroup Board of Directors 
321 
I. 
Risk Factors 
48-65 
J. 
Risk Management 
68-129 
K. 
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 
323-328 
7. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2024, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and 
Comprehensive Income 
90-91 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
92-93 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Stockholders' Equity 
94 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
96-97 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
98-201 
8. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 
10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup 
Inc. - Overview, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) 
and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-25 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which 
Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial 
Condition 
and 
Results 
of 
Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
4-25

--- Page 188 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
188 
 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
74 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
104-105 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of 
Citigroup Inc. – Note 13 (Investments) to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
119-126 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting 
Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup 
Segments, 
Management's 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-25 
 
(ii) 
Significant 
Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant Estimates, Income Taxes, 
Disclosure 
Controls 
and 
Procedures,  
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the 
Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human 
Rights 
Act 
and 
Forward-Looking 
Statements 
80-85 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated 
Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Accounting 
Changes) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
98-100 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – 
Note 27 (Contingencies) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
199-200 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table 
of Contents and Managing Global Risk 
39-79 
9. 
As set out in the 2013 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
F-1 - F-145 
10. 
As set out in the 2013 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus  
 
(a) 
Amendments to the CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus  
6

--- Page 189 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
189 
 
(b) 
Underlying Schedule 3 Credit Linked Coupon 
Conditions 
29-53 
(c) 
Pro Forma Final Terms  
54-94 
11. 
As set out in the 2014 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
195-421 
12. 
As set out in the 2014 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2:  
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Pro Forma Final Terms 
8 
(b) 
General Conditions of the Notes 
9 
13. 
As set out in the 10 August 2015 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
210-435 
14. 
As set out in the 2015 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3:  
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Summary 
6 
15. 
As set out in the 21 December 2015 Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
238-478 
16. 
As set out in the 2015 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Summary 
9 
(b) 
Additional information to be supplemented 
10-36 
17. 
As set out in the 2015 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.4:

--- Page 190 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
190 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Pro Forma Final Terms 
12-13 
(b) 
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
13 
(c) 
Schedule 2 – General Conditions of the Notes 
62 
18. 
As set out in the 2016 CGMFL Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
265-513 
19. 
As set out in the 2016 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
64-65 
(b) 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
66-67 
(c) 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement 
68-69 
20. 
As set out in the 2016 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
63 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement 
64 
21. 
As set out in the 2016 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.4: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus

--- Page 191 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
191 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the General 
Conditions of the Notes 
70 
22. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMFL Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
278-535 
23. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes 
73-89 
(b) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
90-165 
24. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes 
68-73 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
74-75 
25. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.9: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
The paragraph entitled "Amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" 
8 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
72 
26. 
As set out in the 2017 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.10: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus

--- Page 192 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
192 
 
(a) 
Schedule 1 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes 
7-8 
(b) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
9-12 
27. 
As set out in the 2018 CGMFL Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
308-464 
28. 
As set out in the 2018 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
88-92 
(b) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
93-97 
29. 
As set out in the 2018 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
84-106 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
107-123 
30. 
As set out in the 2019 CGMFL Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
325-654 
31. 
As set out in the 2019 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus

--- Page 193 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
193 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5– Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
81-84 
32. 
As set out in the 2019 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
81 
33. 
As set out in the 2019 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
87 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
88 
34. 
As set out in the 2020 CGMFL Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
259-837 
35. 
As set out in the 2020 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
26-28 
36. 
As set out in the 2020 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.7: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 14 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
80-85

--- Page 194 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
194 
 
(b) 
Schedule 15 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Underlying Schedule 2 - 
Rate Conditions 
86 
(c) 
Schedule 16 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Underlying Schedule 3 - 
Credit Linked Conditions 
87-99 
(d) 
Schedule 17– Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
100-124 
(e) 
Schedule 18 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
125-159 
37. 
As set out in the 2020 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.8: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Underlying Schedule 1 - 
Inflation Index Conditions 
14 
(b) 
Schedule 6– Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
15-16 
(c) 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
17-19 
38. 
As set out in the 2021 CGMFL Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
291-899 
39. 
As set out in the 2021 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.1: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
11 
40. 
As set out in the 2021 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 195 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
195 
 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 4– Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
16-18 
(b) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
19-22 
41. 
As set out in the 2021 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.6: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(b) 
Schedule 8 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
28 
42. 
As set out in the 2021 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.7: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
13-14 
43. 
As set out in the 2021 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.8: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
32 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Underlying Schedule 2 - 
Rate Conditions 
33-35 
(c) 
Schedule 5– Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
36-57 
(d) 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
58-86 
44. 
As set out in the 2021 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.11: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 196 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
196 
 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 5 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
34-35 
(b) 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
36 
45. 
As set out in the 2022 CGMFL Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
342-1067 
46. 
As set out in the 2022 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
8 
47. 
As set out in the 2022 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.9: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – General Conditions of the 
Notes 
15 
48. 
As set out in the 2022 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.11: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
24 
49. 
As set out in the 2023 CGMFL Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
(a) 
Section G – Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
378-937 
50. 
As set out in the 2023 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2:

--- Page 197 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
197 
 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 1 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Underlying Schedule 3 - 
Credit Linked Conditions – Part B - 2014 Reference 
Entity 
16 
(b) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Amendments to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Underlying 
Schedule 3 - Credit Linked Conditions – Part C - 
2003 Reference Entity 
17 
(c) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
18-19 
51. 
As set out in the 2023 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.4: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 3 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
12-13 
(b) 
Schedule 4 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
14-16 
52. 
As set out in the 2023 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.6: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 2 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - General Conditions of the 
Notes 
12 
 
 
 
53. 
As set out in the 2023 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.7: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus

--- Page 198 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
 
198 
 
(a) 
Schedule 6 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - General Conditions of the 
Notes 
26-28 
(b) 
Schedule 7 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
29-36 
(c) 
Schedule 8 – Amendments to the Pro Forma Final 
Terms 
37-45 
54. 
As set out in the 2023 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.8: 
 
 
Page(s) 
 
Information relating to the CGMFL Rates Base 
Prospectus 
 
(a) 
Schedule 1 – Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule 
11-14 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference list above but included in the above mentioned 
documents is additional information given for information purposes only. 
The financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the United Kingdom. These financials are also fully 
compliant with the International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the European Union based 
on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Reports on Form 10-
K for fiscal years after 2023, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by 
Citigroup Inc. with the SEC pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to 
the date of the financial statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K and the Citigroup Inc. 
2024 Q1 Form 10-Q referred to above will be available to the public on the SEC's website (address: 
http://www.sec.gov). 
The CGMFL Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference therein, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus and any applicable Issue Terms. Any statement contained therein or in any document 
incorporated by reference therein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this 
Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus or any other subsequently dated document incorporated by 
reference therein modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus or the 
CGMFL Base Prospectus.

--- Page 199 ---
Documents Available for Inspection 
 
199 
 
SECTION E.4 – DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
(a) 
Copies of the latest annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup 
Inc. and the latest quarterly interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup 
Inc. may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and the other Paying 
Agents during normal business hours so long as any of the Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. is 
outstanding.  Copies of the latest annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of 
CGMHI and the latest half-yearly interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of 
CGMHI may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and the other 
Paying Agents during normal business hours so long as any of the Notes issued by CGMHI is 
outstanding.  Copies of the latest annual report and audited non-consolidated financial 
statements of CGMFL and the latest half yearly interim unaudited non-consolidated report and 
financial statements of CGMFL may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Fiscal 
Agent and the Paying Agents during normal business hours so long as any of the Notes issued 
by CGMFL is outstanding.  Copies of the latest annual report and audited non-consolidated 
financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor and the latest half–yearly interim unaudited non-
consolidated financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor may be obtained at the specified 
offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and the other Paying Agents during normal business hours 
so long as any of the Notes issued by CGMFL is outstanding. Each of the above documents will 
be available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com. 
(b) 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will be available as set out below: 
(i) 
the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of Citigroup Inc., at https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202406/b4e592fa-
8544-4a8f-a8fc-0bbae7c5d7e7.pdf; 
(ii) 
the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of CGMHI, at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Cert%20of%20Incorp_By-
Laws%20of%20CGMHI%20(1)_787dc93d-0a67-450d-a470-7fe207534b95.pdf; 
(iii) 
the articles of incorporation of CGMFL, at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202406/1368acd5-3966-4e0f-806f-
392cd9a85dcf.pdf;  
(iv) 
the 
articles 
of 
association 
of 
the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor, 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/CGML%20Articles%20of%20Association_21fa0
92b-f7c7-488d-a700-4e1cbcd3fe44.pdf; 
(v) 
the 
CGMHI 
Deed 
of 
Guarantee, 
as 
amended 
or 
supplemented, 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Form%20of%20CGMHI%20Deed%20of%20Gu
arantee_9f5f0fdc-0094-473d-a769-a4858a117fb1.pdf; and 
(vi) 
the 
CGMFL 
Deed 
of 
Guarantee, 
as 
amended 
or 
supplemented, 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Form%20of%20CGMFL%20Deed%20of%20Gu
arantee_4926d700-aa0f-4b6f-a2c6-e1bfb8d5674c.pdf. 
In addition to the above, (i) an electronic copy of this Base Prospectus is, and all supplements to this 
Base Prospectus will be, available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com, (ii) 
electronic copies of all the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are available on 
the websites specified in relation to each such document in the sections "Documents incorporated by

--- Page 200 ---
Documents Available for Inspection 
 
200 
 
reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus", "Documents incorporated by reference for the 
CGMHI Base Prospectus" and "Documents incorporated by reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus" 
above, as applicable, and (iii) electronic copies of any documents incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus by any supplement will be available from the website specified in relation to such document 
in the relevant supplement.

--- Page 201 ---
Supplements to the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus or the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus 
 
201 
 
SECTION E.5 – SUPPLEMENTS TO THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE 
PROSPECTUS OR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE CGMFL 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Citigroup Inc. and/or CGMHI and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or CGMFL and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as the case may be, will, while the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base Prospectus is valid in respect of Notes which are to be offered to 
the public and/or admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in the Citigroup Inc. 
Base Prospectus and/or the CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base Prospectus which is 
capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to the Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus and/or the CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may be, 
or publish a new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and/or CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base 
Prospectus, as the case may be, for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Investors should note that a new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or 
CGMFL Base Prospectus may be published during the Offer Period (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) of a Non-exempt Offer in the EEA. In such circumstances, investors who have already agreed to 
purchase or subscribe for Notes under such Non-exempt Offer and before the date of the new Citigroup 
Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus is published may have 
the right to withdraw their acceptances within the time period set out in such new Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may be.  
Such new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus 
will be available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com).

--- Page 202 ---
Information relating to the Issuers and the Guarantors 
 
202 
 
SECTION F – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTORS

--- Page 203 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
203 
 
SECTION F.1 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
Citigroup Inc. (Citi, the Company, or Citigroup) is a global diversified financial services holding 
company whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, 
yet focused, range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate 
and investment banking, securities brokerage, trade and securities services and wealth management. 
Citigroup Inc. does business in nearly 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citigroup Inc. is a bank holding 
company within the meaning of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 registered with, and subject 
to examination by, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve).  Some 
of Citi's subsidiaries are subject to supervision and examination by their respective federal and state 
authorities.  At 31 December 2023, Citigroup Inc. had approximately 239,000 full‑time employees 
worldwide. 
Citigroup Inc.'s objects and purpose is to "engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations 
may be organised under the General Corporation Law of Delaware", as stated in Article THIRD of Citi's 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation.  
Citigroup is managed pursuant to five operating segments: Services, Markets, Banking, U.S. Personal 
Banking and Wealth. Activities not assigned to the operating segments are included in All Other. For 
additional information, see the results of operations for each of the operating segments within 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the 
Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q incorporated by reference herein. 
 
Note: Mexico is included in International. 
Citigroup Inc. is a holding company and services its obligations primarily by earnings from its operating 
subsidiaries. Citigroup Inc. may augment its capital through issuances of common stock, perpetual 
preferred stock and equity issued through awards under employee benefit plans, among other issuances.  
Citigroup Inc. and Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries that operate in the banking and securities businesses can 
only pay dividends if they are in compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements imposed on 
them by federal and state bank regulatory authorities and securities regulators in the United States.  
Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries may be party to credit agreements that also may restrict their ability to pay 
dividends. Citigroup Inc. currently believes that none of these regulatory or contractual restrictions on 
CITIGROUP REPORTABLE OPERATING SEGMENTS 
Services 
Markets 
Banking 
U.S. Personal 
Banking (USPB) 
Wealth 
Treasury and  
Trade Solutions 
Security  
Services 
Fixed Income 
Equities 
Investment  
Banking 
Corporate 
Lending 
Branded Cards 
Retail Services 
Private Bank 
Wealth at Work 
Retail Banking 
Citigold 
All Other 
Legacy Franchises 
•
Mexico Consumer, Small Business and Middle-
Market Banking (Mexico Consumer/SBMM) 
•
Asia Consumer Banking (Asia Consumer) 
•
Legacy Holdings Assets 
Corporate/Other 
•
Corporate Treasury managed activities 
•
Operations and Technology 
•
Global staff functions and corporate expenses 
•
Discontinued operations 
REGIONS 
North America 
International 
New Financial Report Structure

--- Page 204 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
204 
 
the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends will affect Citigroup Inc.'s ability to service its own debt. 
Citigroup Inc. must also maintain the required capital levels of a bank holding company, and must submit 
a capital plan, subjected to stress testing, to the Federal Reserve, to which the Federal Reserve does not 
object, before it may pay dividends on its stock. 
Under longstanding policy of the Federal Reserve, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source 
of financial strength for its U.S. insured depository institutions. As a result of this regulatory policy, the 
Federal Reserve might require Citigroup Inc. to commit resources to its U.S. insured depository 
institutions when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of Citigroup Inc. or its shareholders or 
creditors. 
The principal offices for Citigroup Inc. are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, and 
its telephone number is + 1 212 559-1000. The website of Citigroup Inc. is www.citigroup.com. Unless 
specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such website should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. Citigroup Inc. was established as a corporation 
incorporated in Delaware on 8 March 1988 (under its original name of Commercial Credit Group, Inc.), 
registered at the Delaware Division of Corporations with perpetual duration pursuant to the Delaware 
General Corporation Law with registration number 2154254.  
Citigroup Inc.'s authorised capital stock consists of 6 billion shares of common stock and 30 million 
shares of preferred stock. As at 31 December 2023, there were 1,903,113,839 fully paid common stock 
shares issued and outstanding and 704,000 preferred stock shares issued and outstanding. A common 
stock share carries one vote, and no pre-emptive or other subscription rights or conversion rights. A 
preferred stock share carries no general voting rights. 
No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, owns enough shares of Citigroup 
Inc.'s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over Citi. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Citigroup Inc. is 6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395. 
Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.) in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. 
U.S. GSIBs are required to maintain minimum levels of total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) and 
eligible long term debt (LTD), each set by reference to the GSIB’s consolidated risk-weighted assets 
(RWA) and total leverage exposure. The intended purpose of the requirements is to facilitate the orderly 
resolution of U.S. GSIBs under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act. For 
additional information, including Citigroup’s TLAC and LTD amounts and ratios, see “Capital 
Resources—Current Regulatory Capital Standards” and “Managing Global Risk— Liquidity Risk—
Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)” in Citigroup Inc.'s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Citigroup Inc. is required under Title I of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection 
Act of 2010 (Dodd Frank Act) and the rules promulgated by the FDIC and Federal Reserve to 
periodically submit a plan for Citigroup Inc.'s rapid and orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy 
Code in the event of material financial distress or failure.  On 22 November 2022, the Federal Reserve 
and FDIC issued feedback on the resolution plans filed on 1 July 2021 by the eight U.S. Global 
Systemically Important Banks (GSIBs), including Citigroup Inc. The Federal Reserve and FDIC 
identified one shortcoming, but no deficiencies, in Citigroup Inc.’s 2021 resolution plan regarding data 
integrity and data quality management issues. Based on regulatory changes effective 31 December 2019, 
Citigroup Inc. will alternate between submitting a full resolution plan and a targeted resolution plan on 
a biennial cycle.  Citigroup Inc.’s 2023 resolution plan submission, which was filed on 1 July 2023, was 
a full resolution plan.  For additional information on Citigroup Inc.'s resolution plan submissions, see 
"Managing Global Risk—Liquidity Risk— Resolution Plan" in Citigroup Inc.'s most recent Annual 
Report on Form 10-K.

--- Page 205 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
205 
 
Under Citigroup Inc.'s preferred "single point of entry resolution plan strategy, only Citigroup Inc., the 
parent holding company, would enter into bankruptcy, while Citigroup Inc.'s material legal entities (as 
defined in the public section of its 2023 resolution plan, which can be found on the Federal Reserve's 
and FDIC's websites) would remain operational and outside of any resolution or insolvency proceedings. 
Citigroup Inc. believes its resolution plan has been designed to minimise the risk of systemic impact to 
the U.S. and global financial systems, while maximising the value of the bankruptcy estate for the benefit 
of Citigroup Inc.'s creditors, including the holders of the Notes being offered by this Base Prospectus. In 
addition, in line with the Federal Reserve's final TLAC rule, Citigroup Inc. believes it has developed the 
resolution plan so that Citigroup Inc.'s shareholders and unsecured creditors - including the holders of 
the Notes being offered by this Base Prospectus - bear any losses resulting from Citigroup Inc. 
bankruptcy. Accordingly, any value realised by holders of the Notes being offered by this Base 
Prospectus may not be sufficient to repay the amounts owed to such debt holders in the event of a 
bankruptcy or other resolution proceeding of Citigroup Inc..  Claims of holders of the Notes offered by 
this Base Prospectus and other debt securities of Citigroup Inc. would have a junior position to the claims 
of creditors of Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries and to the claims of priority (as determined by statute) and 
secured creditors of Citigroup Inc.. Accordingly, in a resolution of Citigroup Inc. under Chapter 11 of 
the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, holders of the Notes offered by this Base Prospectus and other debt securities 
of Citigroup Inc. would realise value only to the extent available to Citigroup Inc. as a shareholder of its 
subsidiaries, and only after any claims of priority and secured creditors of Citigroup Inc. have been fully 
repaid. If Citigroup Inc. were to enter into a resolution, none of Citigroup Inc., the Federal Reserve or 
the FDIC is obligated to follow Citigroup Inc.'s preferred resolution strategy under its resolution plan.  
In response to feedback received from the Federal Reserve and FDIC, Citigroup Inc. took the following 
actions:  
(a) 
Citicorp LLC (Citicorp), an existing wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., was 
established as an intermediate holding company for certain of Citigroup Inc.'s operating material 
legal entities;  
(b) 
Citigroup Inc. executed an inter affiliate agreement with Citicorp, Citigroup Inc.'s operating 
material legal entities and certain other affiliated entities pursuant to which Citicorp is required 
to provide liquidity and capital support to Citigroup Inc.'s operating material legal entities in the 
event Citigroup Inc. were to enter bankruptcy proceedings (the Citi Support Agreement);  
(c) 
pursuant to the Citi Support Agreement:  
(i) 
Citigroup Inc. made an initial contribution of assets, including certain high quality 
liquid assets and inter affiliate loans (the Contributable Assets), to Citicorp, and 
Citicorp became the business as usual funding vehicle for Citigroup Inc.'s operating 
material legal entities;  
(ii) 
Citigroup Inc. will be obligated to continue to transfer Contributable Assets to Citicorp 
over time, subject to certain amounts retained by Citigroup Inc. to, among other things, 
meet Citigroup Inc.'s near term cash needs;  
(iii) 
in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, Citigroup Inc. will be required to contribute 
most of its remaining assets to Citicorp; and  
(d) 
the obligations of both Citigroup Inc. and Citicorp under the Citi Support Agreement, as well 
as the Contributable Assets, are secured pursuant to a security agreement.  
The Citi Support Agreement provides two mechanisms, besides Citicorp's issuing of dividends to 
Citigroup Inc., pursuant to which Citicorp will be required to transfer cash to Citigroup Inc. during

--- Page 206 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
206 
 
business as usual so that Citigroup Inc. can fund its debt service as well as other operating needs: (i) one 
or more funding notes issued by Citicorp to Citigroup Inc.; and (ii) a committed line of credit under 
which Citicorp may make loans to Citigroup Inc.. 
In addition to Citigroup Inc.'s required resolution plan under Title I of the Dodd Frank Act, Title II of the 
Dodd Frank Act grants the FDIC the authority, under certain circumstances, to resolve systemically 
important financial institutions, including Citigroup Inc.  This resolution authority is commonly referred 
to as the FDIC's "orderly liquidation authority".  Under the FDIC's stated preferred "single point of entry" 
strategy for such resolution, the bank holding company (Citigroup Inc.) would be placed in receivership; 
the unsecured long term debt and shareholders of the parent holding company would bear any losses; the 
FDIC would use its power to create a "bridge entity" for Citigroup Inc; transfer the systemically important 
and viable parts of its business, principally the stock of Citigroup Inc.'s main operating subsidiaries and 
any intercompany claims against such subsidiaries, to the bridge entity; and recapitalise the operating 
subsidiaries using assets of Citigroup Inc. that have been transferred to the bridge entity and exchange 
external debt claims against Citigroup Inc. for equity in the bridge entity. Under this Title II resolution 
strategy, the value of the stock of the bridge entity that would be redistributed to holders of the Notes 
offered by use of this Base Prospectus and other debt securities of Citigroup Inc. may not be sufficient 
to repay all or part of the principal amount and interest on the Notes and those other securities.  Any of 
the Notes being offered by this Base Prospectus may be fully subordinated to interests held by the U.S. 
government in the event of a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding with respect to 
Citigroup Inc., including a proceeding under the "orderly liquidity authority" provisions of the Dodd 
Frank Act.  To date, the FDIC has not formally adopted a single point of entry resolution strategy and it 
is not obligated to follow such a strategy in a Title II resolution of Citigroup Inc. 
Under the regulations of the Federal Reserve, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source of 
financial strength for its U.S. insured depository institutions. As a result of this regulatory policy, the 
Federal Reserve might require Citigroup Inc. to commit resources to its U.S. insured depository 
institutions when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of Citigroup Inc. or its shareholders or 
creditors. 
Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.) in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
Citigroup Inc. is required under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act and the rules promulgated by the FDIC 
and Federal Reserve to periodically submit a plan for the Citigroup Inc.'s rapid and orderly resolution 
under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of material financial distress or failure.  On 22 November 
2022, the Federal Reserve and FDIC issued feedback on the resolution plans filed on 1 July 2021 by the 
eight U.S. Global Systemically Important Banks (GSIBs), including Citigroup Inc. The Federal Reserve 
and FDIC identified one shortcoming, but no deficiencies, in Citigroup Inc.’s 2021 resolution plan 
regarding data integrity and data quality management issues. Based on regulatory changes effective 31 
December 2019, Citigroup Inc. will alternate between submitting a full resolution plan and a targeted 
resolution plan on a biennial cycle. Citigroup Inc.’s 2023 resolution plan submission, which was filed on 
1 July 2023, was a full resolution plan. For additional information on Citigroup Inc.'s resolution plan 
submissions, see "Managing Global Risk—Liquidity Risk— Resolution Plan" in Citigroup Inc.'s most 
recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. Citigroup Inc.'s preferred resolution strategy is "single point of 
entry" under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 
Under Citigroup Inc.'s preferred "single point of entry" resolution plan strategy, only Citigroup Inc., the 
parent holding company, would enter into bankruptcy, while Citigroup Inc.'s material legal entities, 
including CGMHI (as further defined in the public section of its 2023 resolution plan, which can be 
found on the Federal Reserve’s and FDIC's websites) would remain operational and outside of any 
resolution or insolvency proceedings. Citigroup Inc. believes its resolution plan has been designed to 
minimise the risk of systemic impact to the U.S. and global financial systems, while maximising the 
value of the bankruptcy estate for the benefit of Citigroup Inc.'s creditors. In addition, in line with the

--- Page 207 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
207 
 
Federal Reserve's final TLAC rule, Citigroup Inc. believes it has developed the resolution plan so that 
Citigroup Inc.'s shareholders and unsecured creditors bear any losses resulting from Citigroup Inc. 
bankruptcy.   
In response to feedback received from the Federal Reserve and FDIC, Citigroup Inc. took the following 
actions:  
(a) 
Citicorp LLC (Citicorp), an existing wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., was 
established as an intermediate holding company for certain of Citigroup Inc.'s operating material 
legal entities, including CGMHI;  
(b) 
Citigroup Inc. executed an inter affiliate agreement with Citicorp, Citigroup Inc.'s operating 
material legal entities and certain other affiliated entities pursuant to which Citicorp is required 
to provide liquidity and capital support to Citigroup Inc.'s operating material legal entities in the 
event Citigroup Inc. were to enter bankruptcy proceedings (the Citi Support Agreement);  
(c) 
pursuant to the Citi Support Agreement:  
(i) 
Citigroup Inc. made an initial contribution of assets, including certain high quality 
liquid assets and inter affiliate loans (the Contributable Assets), to Citicorp, and 
Citicorp became the business as usual funding vehicle for Citigroup Inc.'s operating 
material legal entities;  
(ii) 
Citigroup Inc. will be obligated to continue to transfer Contributable Assets to Citicorp 
over time, subject to certain amounts retained by Citigroup Inc. to, among other things, 
meet Citigroup Inc.'s near term cash needs; 
(iii) 
in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, Citigroup Inc. will be required to contribute 
most of its remaining assets to Citicorp; and  
(d) 
the obligations of both Citigroup Inc. and Citicorp under the Citi Support Agreement, as well 
as the Contributable Assets, are secured pursuant to a security agreement.  
The Citi Support Agreement provides two mechanisms, besides Citicorp's issuing of dividends to 
Citigroup Inc., pursuant to which Citicorp will be required to transfer cash to Citigroup Inc. during 
business as usual so that Citigroup Inc. can fund its debt service as well as other operating needs: (i) one 
or more funding notes issued by Citicorp to Citigroup Inc.; and (ii) a committed line of credit under 
which Citicorp may make loans to Citigroup Inc..  
Under the terms and conditions of the Notes, a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, insolvency or resolution 
proceeding will not constitute an event of default with respect to any series of Notes issued by Citigroup 
Global Markets Holdings Inc. Moreover, it will not constitute an event of default with respect to any 
series of Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. if the guarantee of the Notes by 
Citigroup Inc. (as CGMHI Guarantor) ceases to be (or is claimed not to be) in full force and effect for 
any reason, including by Citigroup Inc.'s insolvency or resolution.  Should the Citigroup Inc. guarantee 
no longer be in effect, Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. will become the sole obligor under its 
Notes, and there can be no assurance that it would be able to continue to meet its obligations under such 
Notes. 
In the event that Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. also enters bankruptcy, at the time of Citigroup 
Inc.'s bankruptcy filing or at a later time, you, as a holder of Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc. would be an unsecured creditor of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the Citigroup Inc. guarantee

--- Page 208 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
208 
 
and, accordingly, you cannot be assured that the Citigroup Inc. guarantee would protect you against 
losses resulting from a default by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
Directors and executive officers of Citigroup Inc. 
The members of the board of directors of Citigroup Inc. are: 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Main duties outside Citigroup Inc. 
Jane 
Fraser 
(Chief 
Executive 
Officer, Citigroup Inc.) 
 
 
Ellen M. Costello 
 
Former President and CEO, BMO Financial 
Corporation and Former U.S. Country Head of BMO 
Financial Group 
Grace E. Dailey 
 
Former Senior Deputy Comptroller for Bank 
Supervision Policy and Chief National Bank 
Examiner, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
(OCC) 
Barbara J. Desoer 
 
Chair, Citibank, N.A. 
John C. Dugan (Chair, Citigroup 
Inc.) 
 
- 
Duncan P. Hennes 
 
Co‑Founder and Partner, Atrevida Partners, LLC 
Peter Blair Henry 
 
Stanford University Class of 1984 Senior Fellow,  
Hoover Institution and Senior Fellow, Freeman 
Spogli Institute for International Studies, Stanford 
University 
S. Leslie Ireland 
 
Former Assistant Secretary for Intelligence and 
Analysis, U.S. Department of the Treasury and 
National Intelligence Manager for Threat Finance, 
Office of the Director of National Intelligence 
Renée J. James 
 
Founder, Chair and CEO, Ampere Computing 
Gary M. Reiner 
 
Operating Partner, General Atlantic LLC 
Diana L. Taylor 
 
Former Superintendent of Banks, State of New York 
James S. Turley 
 
Former Chairman and CEO, Ernst & Young 
Casper W. Von Koskull 
 
Former President and Group Chief Executive 
Officer, Nordea Bank Abp 
The executive officers of Citigroup Inc. are: Jane Fraser, Sunil Garg, Shahmir Khaliq, David Livingstone, 
Gonzalo Luchetti, Mark Mason, Brent McIntosh, Andrew Morton, Johnbull Okpara, Viswas Raghavan, 
Timothy Ryan, Anand Selvakesari, Andy Sieg, Edward Skyler, Ernesto Torres Cantu, Zdenek Turek and 
Sara Wechter.

--- Page 209 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
209 
 
The business address of each director and executive officer of Citigroup Inc. in such capacities is 388 
Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013, United States of America. 
Citigroup Inc. is not aware of any conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the private 
interests and other duties of its senior management and the interests of Citigroup Inc. that would be 
material in the context of any issuance of Notes.  
Citigroup Inc. is in compliance with the laws and regulations of the United States relating to corporate 
governance. 
Committees of the Board of Directors 
The standing committees of Citigroup Inc.'s board of directors are: 
The audit committee, which assists the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to (i) the 
integrity of Citigroup Inc.'s consolidated financial statements, financial reporting process and systems of 
internal accounting and financial controls, (ii) the performance of the internal audit function (Internal 
Audit), (iii) the annual independent integrated audit of Citigroup Inc.'s consolidated financial statements 
and, effectiveness of Citigroup Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting, the engagement of the 
independent registered public accounting firm (Independent Auditors) and the evaluation of the 
Independent Auditors’ qualifications, independence and performance, (iv) holding management 
accountable for the effectiveness of Citigroup Inc.’s control environment and status of corrective actions, 
including the timely remediation of control breaks (including, without limitation, significant compliance 
or operational control breaks), (v) policy standards and guidelines for risk assessment and risk 
management, (vi) Citigroup Inc.'s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, including 
Citigroup Inc.'s disclosure controls and procedures, and (vii) the fulfilment of the other responsibilities 
set out herein. 
The members of the audit committee are Ellen M. Costello, Grace E. Dailey, John C. Dugan, Duncan P 
Hennes, Renée J. James and James S. Turley. 
The risk management committee, which assists the board in fulfilling its responsibility for (i) oversight 
of Citigroup Inc.'s risk management framework and risk culture, including the significant policies and 
practices used in managing credit, market (trading and non-trading), liquidity, strategic, operational, 
compliance, reputation and certain other risks, including those pertaining to capital management, and (ii) 
oversight of the performance of the Global Risk Review credit, capital and collateral review function. 
The members of the risk management committee are Ellen M. Costello, Grace E. Dailey, Barbara Desoer, 
John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes, James S. Turley and Casper von Koskull. 
The compensation, performance management, and culture committee, is responsible for determining 
the compensation for the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and approving the compensation of other 
executive officers of Citigroup Inc. and members of Citigroup Inc.’s Executive Management Team. The 
Committee is also responsible for approving the incentive compensation structure for other members of 
senior management and certain highly compensated employees (including discretionary incentive awards 
to covered employees as defined in applicable bank regulatory guidance), in accordance with guidelines 
established by the Committee from time to time. The Committee also has broad oversight over 
compliance with bank regulatory guidance governing Citigroup Inc.'s incentive compensation. 
The members of the personnel and compensation committee are Duncan P. Hennes, Peter B. Henry, 
Renée J. James, Gary M. Reiner, Diana L. Taylor and Casper von Koskull.

--- Page 210 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
210 
 
The nomination, governance and public affairs committee is responsible for (i) identifying individuals 
qualified to become Board members and recommending to the Board the director nominees for the next 
annual meeting of stockholders; (ii) leading the Board in its annual review of the Board's performance; 
(iii) recommending to the Board directors for each committee for appointment by the Board; (iv) 
reviewing Citigroup Inc.’s policies and programs that relate to public issues of significance to Citigroup 
Inc. and the public at large, including but not limited to Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance 
(ESG) matters; and (v) reviewing Citigroup Inc.’s relationships with external constituencies and issues 
that impact Citigroup Inc.’s reputation, and advising management as to its approach to each. 
The members of the nomination, governance and public affairs committee are John C. Dugan, Peter B. 
Henry, Gary M. Reiner, Diana L. Taylor and Casper von Koskull. 
The technology committee is responsible for assisting the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities with 
respect to oversight of: (1) the planning and execution of Citigroup's technology strategy and operating 
plan; (2) the development of Citigroup's target state operating model and architecture; (3) technology-
based risk management, including risk management framework, risk appetite and risk exposures of 
Citigroup Inc., including Cyber Security; (4) resource and talent planning of the Technology function; 
and (5) the Citigroup's third-party management policies, practices and standards that relate to 
Technology. 
The members of the technology committee are Barbara Desoer, S. Leslie Ireland, Renée J. James and 
Gary Reiner. 
The executive committee is responsible for acting on behalf of the Board if a matter requires Board action 
before a meeting of the full Board can be held. 
The members of the executive committee are Barbara Desoer, John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes, Renée 
J. James, Diana L. Taylor and James S. Turley. 
Auditors 
The auditors of Citigroup Inc. are KPMG LLP of 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154, United States 
of America. KPMG LLP is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is 
regulated by the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 
KPMG LLP audited the consolidated balance sheets of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2023 and 2022 
and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for 
each of the years in the three‑year period ended 31 December 2023. KPMG LLP expressed an unqualified 
opinion on such financial statements in its report dated 23 February 2024. 
Material contracts 
Citigroup Inc. has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Notes 
issued by it or CGMHI (as the case may be). 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes by Citigroup Inc. will be used for general corporate purposes, 
which may include capital contributions to its subsidiaries and/or the reduction or refinancings of 
borrowings of Citigroup Inc. or its subsidiaries.  Citigroup Inc. expects to incur additional indebtedness 
in the future.

--- Page 211 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
211 
 
Notes may be issued by Citigroup Inc. as green bonds (Green Bonds) or Notes for which it is Citigroup 
Inc.'s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds to fund the financing or refinancing of 
Eligible Green Assets, in whole or in part, in each case, where the use of such funds supports Citigroup 
Inc.'s sustainable progress strategy, as further described under the heading "Green Bonds" in "Investment 
Considerations" above. In the event that the Notes are intended to constitute Green Bonds, the applicable 
Issue Terms will specify that the Notes are Green Bonds and will provide any additional information in 
relation to the intended use of proceeds thereof. 
Citigroup Inc. may also issue Notes as social bonds (Social Bonds) or Notes for which it is Citigroup 
Inc.'s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds to fund the financing or refinancing in whole 
or in part, of a portion of Citigroup's portfolio of affordable housing assets, as further described under 
the heading "Social Bonds issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI" in "Investment Considerations" above. 
In the event that the Notes are intended to constitute Social Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms will specify 
that the Notes are Social Bonds and will provide any additional information in relation to the intended 
use of proceeds thereof. 
Citigroup Inc. may also issue Notes as social finance bonds (Social Finance Bonds) or Notes for which 
it is Citigroup Inc.'s intention to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds to finance or refinance a 
portion of Social Finance Assets, as further described under the heading "Social Finance Bonds issued 
by Citigroup Inc., CBNA or CGMHI" in "Investment Considerations" above. In the event that the Notes 
are intended to constitute Social Finance Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms will specify that the Notes 
are Social Finance Bonds and will provide any additional information in relation to the intended use of 
proceeds thereof.  
Corporate authorities 
Citigroup Inc. has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the United States in 
connection with the establishment and update of the Programme, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the 
issue and performance of the Notes. The update of the Programme and the issue of the Notes by Citigroup 
Inc. under the Programme was authorised by certificates of the Funding Approvers of Citigroup Inc. 
dated 31 May 2023 and pursuant to resolutions of the board of directors of Citigroup Inc. dated 15 
February 2024. The giving of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee was authorised by a certificate of the 
Funding Approvers of Citigroup Inc. dated 16 May 2023. 
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 30 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10‑K and (ii) Note 27 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10‑Q.  Save as disclosed 
in the documents referenced above, neither Citigroup Inc. nor any of its subsidiaries is involved in, or 
has been involved in, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had, in the twelve 
months before the date of this Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole, nor, so far as Citigroup 
Inc. is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change  
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup 
Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 March 2024 (the date of Citigroup Inc.'s most recently 
published unaudited interim financial statements), and there has been no material adverse change in the 
financial position or prospects of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 
December 2023 (the date of Citigroup Inc.'s most recently published audited annual financial statements).

--- Page 212 ---
Description of Citigroup Inc. 
 
212 
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and 
its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 March 2024 (the date of Citigroup Inc.'s most recently published 
unaudited interim financial statements) to the date of this Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus.

--- Page 213 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
 
213 
 
SECTION F.2 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
HOLDINGS INC. 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. ("CGMHI"), operating through its subsidiaries, engages in full-
service investment banking and securities brokerage business.  As used in this description, CGMHI refers 
to CGMHI and its consolidated subsidiaries. CGMHI operates in the Markets business segment. 
CGMHI's parent, Citigroup Inc. (Citigroup, or Citi), is a global diversified financial services holding 
company whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, 
yet focused, range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate 
and investment banking, securities brokerage, trade and securities services and wealth management. Citi 
does business in nearly 160 countries and jurisdictions. 
Citigroup is managed pursuant to five operating segments: Services, Markets, Banking, U.S. Personal 
Banking and Wealth. Activities not assigned to the operating segments are included in All Other. 
The principal offices of CGMHI are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, telephone 
number +1 (212) 559-1000. CGMHI was incorporated in New York on 23 February 1977 and is the 
successor to Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc.. On 7 April 2003, CGMHI filed a Restated Certificate 
of Incorporation changing its name from Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc. to Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc.. CGMHI's Federal Employee Identification Number (FEIN or EIN) issued by the 
US Internal Revenue Service is 11-2418067. The website of CGMHI is www.citigroup.com. Unless 
specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such website should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of CGMHI is 82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31. 
Markets 
Markets provides corporate, institutional and public sector clients around the world with a full range of 
sales and trading services across equities, foreign exchange, rates, spread products and commodities. The 
range of services includes market-making across asset classes, risk management solutions, financing, 
prime brokerage, research, securities clearing and settlement. 
As a market maker, Markets facilitates transactions, including holding product inventory to meet client 
demand, and earns the differential between the price at which it buys and sells the products. These price 
differentials and the unrealized gains and losses on the inventory are recorded in Principal transactions. 
Interest income earned on assets held, less interest paid on long- and short-term debt and secured funding 
transactions, is recorded as Net interest income. 
The amount and types of Markets revenues are impacted by a variety of interrelated factors, including 
market liquidity; changes in market variables such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, 
commodity prices and credit spreads, as well as their implied volatilities; investor confidence; and other 
macroeconomic conditions. Markets revenues include revenues earned by Citi that are subject to a 
revenue sharing arrangement with Banking—Corporate Lending for Investment Banking, Markets and 
Services products sold to Corporate Lending clients.  
Assuming all other market conditions do not change, increases in client activity levels or bid/offer 
spreads generally result in increases in revenues. However, changes in market conditions can 
significantly impact client activity levels, bid/offer spreads and the fair value of product inventory. 
Management of the Markets businesses involves daily monitoring and evaluation of the above factors.

--- Page 214 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
 
214 
 
Markets international presence is supported by trading floors in approximately 80 countries and a 
proprietary network in 95 countries and jurisdictions.. 
For additional information on Market’s business activities, see "Markets" in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 
10-K. 
Market’s international presence is supported by trading floors in approximately 80 countries and a 
proprietary network in 95 countries and jurisdictions. 
Description of corporate structure/governance 
Corporate system 
CGMHI is a corporation organised under the laws of the State of New York in the United States of 
America. To the best of its knowledge and belief, CGMHI complies with the federal laws and regulations 
of the United States and of the laws and regulations of New York State regarding corporate governance. 
Corporate objects 
CGMHI was "formed for the purpose of engaging in any lawful act or activity for which corporations 
may be organised under the Business Corporation Law" of New York, as stated in Article SECOND of 
CGMHI's Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
Authorised and issued share capital 
CGMHI's authorised share capital is 1,000 Common Stock of par value U.S.$0.01 and 10,000,000 
Preferred Stock of par value U.S.$1.00.  CGMHI's issued share capital is 1,000 Common Stock which is 
fully paid up and held by Citigroup Inc.  No Preferred Stock has been issued. 
Voting power of shareholders 
Subject to the provisions of any applicable law or except as otherwise provided by the resolution or 
resolutions providing for the issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of outstanding shares of 
Common Stock shall exclusively possess voting power for the election of directors and for all other 
purposes, each holder of record of shares of Common Stock being entitled to one vote for each share of 
Common Stock standing in his name on the books of CGMHI.  At present, CGMHI has a single 
shareholder of Common Stock being Citigroup Inc. and no holders of Preferred Stock.  As such, the 
shareholder of Common Stock has a controlling vote with respect to all matters submitted to a 
shareholder vote. No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, owns enough 
shares of Citigroup Inc.'s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over Citigroup Inc. 
Election of directors 
The director of CGMHI is as follows: 
Name 
Title 
Robert F. Klein 
Director 
The other officers of CGMHI are as follows: 
Name 
Title 
John Valenti 
Chief Financial Officer

--- Page 215 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
 
215 
 
Frank Brucino 
Controller 
Jason Mercado 
Treasurer 
David Palisoul 
Assistant Treasurer 
Alexia Breuvart 
General Counsel/Secretary 
Richard Simpson 
Vice President 
Elissa Steinberg 
Vice President 
Marie Elena Almeida 
Assistant Secretary 
Katrina Basil 
Assistant Secretary 
Sarah Blotner 
Assistant Secretary 
Norma Castro 
Assistant Secretary 
Shannon Hales 
Assistant Secretary 
Robert F. Klein 
Assistant Secretary 
Myongsu Kong 
Assistant Secretary 
James Myers 
Assistant Secretary 
Anne E. Moses 
Assistant Secretary 
Matthew Pollack 
Assistant Secretary 
Sofia Rahman 
Assistant Secretary 
Christopher Teano 
Assistant Secretary 
The members of the Notes Committee of CGMHI are as follows: 
Peter Battin 
 
Mark Mason 
 
Jason Mercado 
 
Johnbull Okpara 
 
Elissa Steinberg 
 
Shawn Stolar 
 
Michael Verdeschi

--- Page 216 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
 
216 
 
The main duties outside CGMHI performed by the directors and officers listed above are not significant 
with respect to CGMHI. 
The business address of each director and officer of CGMHI is 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 
10013, United States of America. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any duties owed to CGMHI by the senior 
management listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Audit Committee 
CGMHI does not have an audit committee. 
Dividends 
Except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of 
Preferred Stock, after payment shall have been made to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full amount 
of dividends to which they shall be entitled pursuant to the resolution or resolutions providing for the 
issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to the exclusion of 
the holders of Preferred Stock of any and all series, to receive such dividends as from time to time may 
be declared by the board of directors.  At present, no series of Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding. 
Liquidation, dissolution or winding up; pre emptive rights 
Except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of 
Preferred Stock, in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of CGMHI, whether voluntary 
or involuntary, after payment shall have been made to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full amount 
to which they shall be entitled pursuant to the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any 
series of Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to the exclusion of the holders 
of Preferred Stock of any and all series, to share rateably according to the number of shares of Common 
Stock held by them, in all remaining assets of CGMHI available for distribution.  At present, no series 
of Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding. 
No shareholders shall be entitled to any pre emptive rights in respect of any securities of CGMHI. 
Preferred stock 
The board of directors is authorised, subject to limitations prescribed by law and the provisions of the 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to provide for the issuance of the shares of Preferred Stock in series, 
and by filing a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of New York, to establish from time 
to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers, 
preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions 
of such shares. 
Auditors 
CGMHI's annual accounts as of 31 December 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended 31 December 2023, 
2022 and 2021 were audited without qualification in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards in the United States by KPMG LLP, independent registered public accountants, 345 Park 
Avenue, New York, New York 10154. The auditors of CGMHI have no material interest in CGMHI. 
KPMG LLP is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is regulated by 
the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.

--- Page 217 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
 
217 
 
Use of Proceeds 
A portion of the proceeds of any issue of Notes will be used by CGMHI and/or its subsidiaries for general 
corporate purposes, which include making a profit. 
Notes may be issued by CGMHI as green bonds (Green Bonds) or Notes for which it is CGMHI's 
intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds to fund the financing or refinancing of Eligible 
Green Assets, in whole or in part, in each case, where the use of such funds supports CGMHI's sustainable 
progress strategy, as further described under the heading Green Bonds in – Investment Considerations" 
above. In the event that the Notes are intended to constitute Green Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms 
will specify that the Notes are Green Bonds and will provide any additional information in relation to the 
intended use of proceeds thereof. 
CGMHI may also issue Notes as social bonds (Social Bonds) or Notes for which it is CGMHI's intention 
to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds to fund the financing or refinancing in whole or in part of 
a portion of Citigroup's portfolio of affordable housing assets, as further described under the heading 
Social Bonds issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI in – Investment Considerations" above. In the event 
that the Notes are intended to constitute Social Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms will specify that the 
Notes are Social Bonds and will provide any additional information in relation to the intended use of 
proceeds thereof. 
CGMHI may also issue Notes as social finance bonds (Social Finance Bonds) or Notes for which it is 
CGMHI's intention to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds to finance or refinance a portion of 
Social Finance Assets, as further described under the heading "Social Finance Bonds issued by Citigroup 
Inc. or CGMHI" in – Investment Considerations" above. In the event that the Notes are intended to 
constitute Social Finance Bonds, the applicable Issue Terms will specify that the Notes are Social Finance 
Bonds and will provide any additional information in relation to the intended use of proceeds thereof. 
Material contracts 
CGMHI has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Notes issued by 
it. 
Corporate authorities 
The accession of CGMHI to the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the board of directors 
of CGMHI on 23 March 2023, and the update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a certificate 
of the Notes Committee of CGMHI dated 5 July 2024. 
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of CGMHI's material legal and regulatory matters, see Note 16 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements included in the CGMHI 2023 Annual Report.  For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s 
material legal and regulatory matters, of which the matters discussed in Note 16 (as specified above) are 
a part, see (i) Note 30 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 
10 K and (ii) Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 
Form 10 Q. Save as disclosed in the documents referenced above, neither CGMHI nor any of its 
subsidiaries is involved in, or has been involved in, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
that may have had in the twelve months before the date of the CGMHI Base Prospectus, a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of CGMHI or CGMHI and its subsidiaries taken as a 
whole, nor, so far as CGMHI is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened.

--- Page 218 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
 
218 
 
Significant change and material adverse change  
There has been no significant change in the consolidated financial or trading position of CGMHI and its 
subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 December 2023 (the date of the most recently published audited 
annual financial statements of CGMHI) and there has been no material adverse change in the financial 
position or prospects of CGMHI and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 December 2023 (the date 
of the most recently published audited annual financial statements of CGMHI). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGMHI and its subsidiaries as a 
whole since 31 December 2023 (the date of the most recently published audited annual financial 
statements of CGMHI) to the date of this CGMHI Base Prospectus.

--- Page 219 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
 
219 
 
SECTION F.3 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. ("CGMFL") was incorporated as a corporate 
partnership limited by shares (société en commandite par actions) on 24 May 2012 under the laws of 
Luxembourg, including the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies as amended from time to 
time (the "Companies Act 1915") for an unlimited duration with its registered office at 31, Z.A. 
Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and is registered with the Register of Trade 
and Companies of Luxembourg (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B 
169.199. CGMFL has been established for the purpose, among others, of granting loans or other forms 
of funding directly or indirectly in whatever form or means to any entities in the same group. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of CGMFL is 549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53. 
As of 19 June 2024, the issued share capital of CGMFL is two million five hundred and two Euro (EUR 
2,000,502) divided into: 
• 
one (1) share with a nominal value of one Euro (EUR1.) (action de commandité, the "Unlimited 
Share") held by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l., a private limited 
liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) incorporated under the laws of the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having a share capital of twenty-seven thousand and five hundred 
Euro (EUR 27,500) and registered with the Register of Trade and Companies of Luxembourg 
under number B 169.149 (the "Unlimited Shareholder"); 
• 
one million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-nine (1,999,999) limited 
ordinary shares with a nominal value of one Euro (EUR1.-) each (actions de commanditaire, 
the "Limited Shares") held (i) by the Unlimited Shareholder for one (1) Limited Share and (ii) 
by Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("CGML"), a private limited company, incorporated 
under the laws of England and Wales, having its registered office at Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom, registration number 1763297 for 
one million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-eight (1,999,998) Limited 
Shares (the "Limited Shareholders" and together with the Unlimited Shareholder the 
"Shareholders"); and 
• 
five hundred and two (502) classes of limited preference shares with a nominal value of one 
Euro (EUR 1.-) each held by CGML. 
CGMFL is managed by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. The Board of 
Managers (as defined below) provides independent management of CGMFL. CGMFL is a wholly owned 
indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, 
owns enough shares of Citigroup Inc.’s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over 
Citigroup Inc. 
CGMFL’s registered office is situated at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and the telephone number is +352 45 14 14 447. The website of CGMFL is 
www.citigroup.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such website 
should be deemed to be incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The amended and restated articles (statuts coordonnés) of CGMFL dated 28 July 2023, dated 24 August 
2023, dated 22 September 2023, dated 27 October 2023, dated 27 November 2023, dated 12 December 
2023, dated 18 January 2024, dated 27 February 2024, dated 28 March 2024 and dated 29 April 2024

--- Page 220 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
 
220 
 
(the "Articles") were published in the "Recueil Électronique des Sociétés et Associations" on 18 
September 2023, on 16 October 2023, on 31 October 2023, on 5 December 2023, on 23 January 2024, 
on 9 February 2024, on 19 February 2024, on 22 March 2024, on 9 April 2024, on 15 May 2024 and on 
13 June 2024. The Articles were further amended by a notarial deed dated 29 May 2024, which was not 
yet published in the "Recueil Électronique des Sociétés et Associations" as of 19 June 2024.  
Management of CGMFL 
CGMFL is managed by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. in its capacity as 
manager (the "Corporate Manager"). 
The following table sets forth the names of the members of the board of managers of the Unlimited 
Shareholder being the Corporate Manager (the "Board of Managers") as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
• 
Mr. Eduardo Gramuglia Pallavicino, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 
Bertrange, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg;  
• 
Ms. Silvia Carpitella, with professional address at Reuterweg 16 (An Der Welle) Frankfurt Main 
D-60323 Germany; 
• 
Mr. Vincent Mazzoli, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 Bertrange, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg;  
• 
Ms. Milka Krasteva, with professional address at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom; and 
• 
Mr. Dimba Kier, with professional address at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom 
Eduardo Gramuglia Pallavicino, is a Managing Director, in Securities Services Benelux. Eduardo joined 
Citi in May 2023 as Head of Securities Services for Benelux.. 
Eduardo has over 20 years of experience in Luxembourg and London in fund services, capital markets 
and fintech. Prior to joining Citi Eduardo held various senior leadership roles including Branch Manager 
and Country Head for State Street Bank Luxembourg, responsible for overseeing and growing all 
activities in country, representing the franchise in external industry associations and internationally. 
Eduardo has a Doctorate in Political Sciences from the Universita di Roma La Sapienza. 
Eduardo Gramuglia Pallavicino was appointed as Manager on 13 December 2023 for an unlimited 
duration. 
Silvia Carpitella is the Chief Executive Officer of Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG (CGME), 
headquartered in Frankfurt and under the Supervision of the ECB. Before her current role, Silvia has 
been Interim CEO and CFO of Citibank Europe PLC and Europe CFO. Silvia has over 20 years of 
successful track record at C-level in five different European countries.  
Silvia is a University Graduate cum Laude from the University of Economics in Florence. 
Silvia Carpitella was appointed as Manager on 9 April 2024 for an unlimited duration.

--- Page 221 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
 
221 
 
Vincent Mazzoli has been with Citigroup for over 25 years and has had several responsibilities in 
Operations, Investor Services product, control and governance. He is a member of the Global Markets 
Issuance team within the Markets business.  
Vincent Mazzoli was appointed as Manager on 19 March 2015 for an unlimited duration.  
Vincent Mazzoli holds a degree and a master's degree in Finance and Banking from the University of 
Liège.  
Milka Krasteva has been with Citi since 2007, and has held structuring and platform roles across the 
Equities, Multi-Asset and Commodities Markets businesses. She is currently a Director in the Global 
Markets Issuance team within the Markets business. Milka holds a First Class master's degree in 
Mathematics from Imperial College London.  
Milka Krasteva was appointed as Manager on 8 March 2021 for an unlimited duration. 
Dimba Kier joined Citi in 2020 and is the UK Treasurer, with responsibilities across Liquidity, Capital 
and Funding for UK entities. 
Dimba Kier joined Citi from Morgan Stanley where he spent 12 years across a number of functions 
within Corporate Treasury including for the last 6 years, where he held the role as EMEA Head of 
Liquidity. Dimba also spent 4 years at Goldman Sachs covering funding and liquidity in the Corporate 
Treasury function. 
Dimba Kier was appointed as Manager on 17 May 2021 for an unlimited duration. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any duties owed to CGMFL by the board of 
managers listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. There are no principal activities 
performed by the board of managers outside of CGMFL which are significant with respect to CGMFL. 
Principal activities 
As set out in Clause 4 in the Articles of CGMFL, the corporate object of CGMFL is the granting of loans 
or other forms of funding directly or indirectly in whatever form or means to any entities belonging to 
the same group (e.g., including, but not limited to, by subscription of bonds, debentures, other debt 
instruments, advances, the granting of pledges or the issuing of other guarantees of any kind to secure 
the obligations of any entities, through derivatives or otherwise). 
CGMFL may finance itself in whatever form including, without limitation, through borrowing or through 
issuance of listed or unlisted notes and other debt or equity instruments, convertible or not (e.g., including 
but not limited to bonds, notes, loan participation notes, subordinated notes, promissory notes, certificates 
and warrants) including under stand-alone issues, medium term note and commercial paper programmes. 
CGMFL may also: 
(a) 
grant security for funds raised, including notes and other debt or equity instruments issued, and 
for the obligations of CGMFL; and 
(b) 
enter into all necessary agreements, including, but not limited to underwriting agreements, 
marketing agreements, management agreements, advisory agreements, administration 
agreements and other contracts for services, selling agreements, deposit agreements, fiduciary 
agreements, hedging agreements, interest and/or currency exchange agreements and other 
financial derivative agreements, bank and cash administration agreements, liquidity facility

--- Page 222 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
 
222 
 
agreements, credit insurance agreements and any agreements creating any kind of security 
interest. 
In addition to the foregoing, CGMFL can perform all legal, commercial, technical and financial 
investments or operations and, in general, all transactions which are necessary or useful to fulfil its 
objects as well as all operations connected directly or indirectly to facilitating the accomplishment of its 
purpose in all areas described above. 
CGMFL’s Articles and Luxembourg law however prohibit it from entering into any transaction which 
would constitute a regulated activity of the financial sector or require a business licence under 
Luxembourg law without due authorisation under Luxembourg law. 
CGMFL grants loans and other forms of funding to entities belonging to the same group and therefore 
competes in any market in which the Group has a presence. 
Corporate Governance 
No corporate governance regime to which CGMFL would be subject exists in Luxembourg as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Share Capital 
As of 19 June 2024, CGMFL has a share capital of two million five hundred and two Euro (EUR 
2,000,502), represented by two million five hundred and two (2,000,502) shares, divided into (i) one 
million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-nine (1,999,999) Limited Shares, (ii) one 
(1) Unlimited Share and (iii) five hundred and two (502) classes of limited preference shares (the 
"Preference Shares"), each having a nominal value of one Euro (EUR 1). 500,000 of the Limited Shares 
and the Unlimited Share have been partly paid up and the Preference Shares have been fully paid up, for 
an amount of five hundred forty-nine thousand one hundred fourteen Euro and seventy-seven cents (EUR 
549,114.77). 
 
 
Limited 
Shares: 
Unlimited 
Share: 
Preference 
Shares 
Subscription 
Price in Euro 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding Luxembourg GP 
S.à r.l. 
1 
- 
- 
0.25 
 
 
1 
 
0.25 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited 
1,999,998 
- 
- 
499,999.50 
 
- 
- 
502 
49,114.77 
Total 
Shares/Subscription 
Price 
1,999,999 
1 
502 
549,114.77 
 
 
 
 
 
Total Capitalisation 
EUR 2,000,502

--- Page 223 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
 
223 
 
 
Limited 
Shares: 
Unlimited 
Share: 
Preference 
Shares 
Subscription 
Price in Euro 
Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding Luxembourg GP 
S.à r.l. 
1 
- 
- 
0.25 
CGMFL has an authorised capital of one hundred thousand Euro (EUR 100,000) represented by a 
maximum of one hundred thousand (100,000) limited preference shares, having a nominal value of one 
Euro (EUR 1) each and which may be divided into different classes. As of 19 June 2024, ninety nine 
thousand three hundred twenty-eight Euro (EUR 99,328) of such authorised capital remains available. 
Approved Statutory Auditor (Réviseur d’entreprises agréé) and financial year 
CGMFL’s approved statutory auditor (réviseur d’entreprises agréé) is KPMG Audit S.à r.l. (formerly 
KPMG Luxembourg Société Coopérative), incorporated and existing under Luxembourg law, having its 
registered office at 39, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and registered with the Register of 
Commerce and Companies of Luxembourg (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under 
number B 149 133 ("KPMG Luxembourg"), who has been re-appointed for a period of ten (10) years 
until the 2034 audit, by a resolution of the shareholders of CGMFL dated 28 November 2023. KPMG 
Luxembourg is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises. 
CGMFL’s fiscal year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December each year, except for the first fiscal 
year that started on the date of incorporation of CGMFL and ended on 31 December 2012. 
KPMG Luxembourg audited the CGMFL 2023 Annual Report and the CGMFL 2022 Annual Report in 
accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014. KPMG Luxembourg expressed 
an unqualified opinion on the CGMFL 2023 Annual Report and the CGMFL 2022 Annual Report. 
Taxation 
CGMFL is subject to the tax laws of Luxembourg on income and does not have any special tax status. It 
is, therefore, in principle entitled to the benefits of tax treaties concluded between the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and other countries (subject to the acceptance of such contracting states). 
Employees 
CGMFL has no employees. 
Accounts 
CGMFL prepares annual and half yearly non-consolidated accounts. The first annual accounts were 
prepared in respect of the period from the date of its incorporation to 31 December 2012 in accordance 
with the Articles and were published by CGMFL on 7 June 2013. 
In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1915, CGMFL will publish its audited annual 
accounts on an annual basis following approval of the annual accounts by the annual general meeting of 
the Shareholders. 
Any future published audited annual accounts or unaudited half yearly accounts prepared for CGMFL 
will be obtainable free of charge from the registered office of CGMFL in Luxembourg, as described in 
Section D.2 – "Documents Available For Inspection".

--- Page 224 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
 
224 
 
Material Contracts 
Apart from any agreements entered into by it in connection with the Programme, the Citi Warrant 
Programme or the Citi Regulation S Warrant Programme, CGMFL has not entered into any material 
contracts other than in the ordinary course of its business. 
Use of Proceeds  
The net proceeds of the issue of the Securities by CGMFL will be used primarily to grant loans or other 
forms of funding to Citigroup Global Markets Limited and any entity belonging to the same group, and 
may be used to finance CGMFL itself. 
Securities may be issued by CGMFL as green bonds ("Green Bonds") or Securities for which it is 
CGMFL's intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds to fund the financing or refinancing of 
Eligible Green Assets, in whole or in part, in each case where the use of such funds supports CGMFL's 
sustainable progress strategy, as further described under the heading "2. Green Bonds" in "Section C 
– Investment Considerations" above. In the event that the Securities are intended to constitute Green 
Bonds, the applicable Final Terms will specify that the Securities are Green Bonds and will provide any 
additional information in relation to the intended use of proceeds thereof. 
Further information on the use of proceeds may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Corporate authorities 
The issuance of the Securities by CGMFL and any other relevant corporate actions in relation to the 
issuance of the Securities have been authorised pursuant to resolutions of the board of managers of the 
Corporate Manager of CGMFL, among others, on 26 June 2013 and 28 June 2024. 
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 30 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K and (ii) Note 27 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q. Save as disclosed 
in the documents referenced above, CGMFL is not involved in, or has not been involved in, any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had in the twelve months before the date 
of this CGMFL Base Prospectus, a significant effect on CGMFL's financial position or profitability, nor, 
so far as CGMFL is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of CGMFL since 31 December 
2023 (the date of the most recently published audited annual financial statements of CGMFL) and there 
has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of CGMFL since 31 December 
2023 (the date of its most recently published audited annual financial statements). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGMFL since 31 December 2023 
(the date of the most recently published audited annual financial statements of CGMFL) to the date of 
the CGMFL Base Prospectus. 
All Monies Guarantee Granted by CGML (in relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only) 
On 11 May 2017 CGML granted a guarantee (the form of which is set out in Section E.7) under which 
CGML unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees payment of all sums payable by CGMFL in respect

--- Page 225 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
 
225 
 
of any liability of CGMFL of any kind and in any currency (whether present or future, actual or 
contingent and whether incurred alone or jointly with another) together with all the charges, commission, 
interest and expenses payable by CGMFL in connection with the relevant liability (the "All Monies 
Guarantee"). The All Monies Guarantee constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of CGML and ranks and will rank pari passu (subject to mandatorily preferred 
debts under applicable laws) with all other outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
CGML. 
While the All Monies Guarantee given by CGML will cover cash payment obligations of CGMFL under 
its Notes, the All Monies Guarantee does not materially change the position of Noteholders as all 
obligations of CGMFL in connection with the Securities are already guaranteed by CGML under the 
existing CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. The All Monies Guarantee is without prejudice to, and does not 
affect in any way, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee or CGML’s obligations under the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee.

--- Page 226 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
226 
 
SECTION F.4 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
LIMITED 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("CGML) is a private company limited by shares and was 
incorporated in England and Wales on 21 October 1983. CGML operates under the laws of England and 
Wales, including the Companies Act, and is domiciled in England.  Its registered office is at Citigroup 
Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB and its telephone number is +44 (0)20 7986 
4000. The registration number of CGML is 01763297 on the register maintained by the UK Companies 
House.  The website of CGML is www.citigroup.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference 
herein, no information in such website should be deemed to be incorporated in, or form a part of, this 
Base Prospectus. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of CGML is XKZZ2JZF41MRHTR1V493. 
Directors of CGML 
The directors of CGML are: 
 
Name 
Position at CGML 
Jonathan Paul Moulds 
Director (Chair) 
Tiina Le-Seong Lee 
Director (CEO) 
Amit Raja 
Director 
Iain Plunkett 
Director 
Sally Jane Clark 
Director 
William Moray Newton Fall 
Director 
Evelin Ducsai 
Director 
Casper Wilhelm Von Koskull 
Director 
Manjira Sen-Gosain 
Director 
Graham Westgarth 
Director 
The business address of each director of CGML in his or her capacity as such is Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB.  There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between 
any duties owed to CGML by the board of directors listed above and their private interests and/or other 
duties.  There are no principal activities performed by the directors outside of CGML which are 
significant with respect to CGML. 
Principal activities 
CGML is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. and has a major international presence as 
a dealer, market maker and underwriter in equity, fixed income securities and commodities, as well as 
providing advisory services to a wide range of corporate, institutional and government clients.  It is 
headquartered in London and operates globally.  CGML is authorised by the Prudential Regulation

--- Page 227 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
227 
 
Authority ("PRA) and regulated by the PRA and Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA). CGML is also a 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") registered swap dealer, and United States Securities 
Exchange Commission ("SEC") registered security-based swap dealer and is considered a Risk-Taking 
Operating Material Legal Entity in Citigroup Inc.’s Global Resolution Plan. 
Corporate governance 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, CGML complies with the laws and regulations of England 
regarding corporate governance. 
Share capital of CGML and major shareholders 
As at 31 December 2023, the fully paid up issued share capital of CGML was U.S.$20,998,975,176 made 
up of 20,998,975,176 ordinary shares of a par value of U.S.$1 each. 
All of the issued share capital of CGML is owned by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Bahamas 
Limited (100 per cent.), which is an indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc.  No shareholder or associated 
group of shareholders acting together owns enough shares of Citigroup Inc.'s common stock to directly 
or indirectly exercise control over Citigroup Inc. 
Auditor of CGML 
CGML's auditor is KPMG LLP, having its registered office at 15 Canada Square, London E14 5GL. 
KPMG LLP is regulated by the Financial Reporting Council. KPMG LLP are members of the UK's 
chartered accountants' professional body, ICAEW, of Chartered Accountants' Hall, Moorgate Place, 
London EC2R 6EA. 
KPMG LLP audited the financial statements of CGML for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023 in accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014 and 
expressed an unqualified opinion on such financial statements in its reports dated 25 April 2023 and 25 
April 2024. 
Material contracts 
CGML has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Securities issued 
by CGMFL. 
Corporate authorities 
CGML has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in England in connection with 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee.   
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 30 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K and (ii) Note 27 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q. Save as disclosed 
in the documents referenced above, CGML is not involved in, or has not been involved in, any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had in the twelve months before the date 
of this CGMFL Base Prospectus a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of CGML 
nor, so far as CGML is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened.

--- Page 228 ---
Description of Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
228 
 
Significant change and material adverse change 
There has been (i) no significant change in the financial or trading position of CGML or CGML and its 
subsidiaries as a whole since 31 December 2023 (the date of its most recently published audited annual 
financial statements) and (ii) no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of CGML 
or CGML and its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 December 2023 (the date of its most recently published 
audited annual financial statements). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGML and its subsidiaries as a 
whole since 31 December 2023 (the date of its most recently published audited annual financial 
statements) to the date of this CGMFL Base Prospectus.

--- Page 229 ---
Form of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee 
 
229 
 
SECTION F.5 – FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE is made on 11 May 2017 by Citigroup Global Markets Limited (the 
Guarantor) in favour of each Beneficiary (as defined below). 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
As defined herein:  
"Beneficiary" means any person who is owed any sum or amount which is due and payable by 
CGMFL under or in respect of any Liability; 
"CGMFL" means Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.; 
"Liabilities" means all the liabilities of CGMFL of any kind and in any currency (whether 
present or future, actual or contingent and whether incurred alone or jointly with another) 
together with all the charges, commission, interest and expenses payable by CGMFL in 
connection with the relevant liability; and 
"Taxes" includes all present and future income and other taxes, levies, duties, imposts, 
deductions charges, fees and withholdings, in each case as imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
the United Kingdom, together with interest thereon and penalties with respect thereto (if any). 
Where the context so admits, the singular includes the plural and vice versa. Headings are for 
convenience of reference only. 
2. 
DEED OF GUARANTEE 
Subject as provided herein, the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees by way 
of deed poll to each Beneficiary that if, for any reason, CGMFL does not pay any sum payable 
by it to such Beneficiary under or in respect of any Liability including any premium or any other 
amounts of whatever nature or additional amounts which may become payable under the 
foregoing as and when the same shall become due and payable under any of the foregoing, the 
Guarantor will duly and promptly pay to such Beneficiary on the request of such Beneficiary 
the sum or the amount payable by CGMFL to or for such Beneficiary.  
3. 
GUARANTOR AS PRINCIPAL OBLIGOR 
Without affecting CGMFL's obligations, the Guarantor will be liable under this Deed of 
Guarantee as if it were the sole principal obligor and not merely a surety. Accordingly, it will 
not be discharged, nor will its liability be affected, by anything which would not discharge it or 
affect its liability if it were the sole principal obligor (including (a) any time, indulgence, waiver 
or consent at any time given to CGMFL or any other person, (b) any amendment to any Liability 
or to any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (c) the making or absence of any demand on 
CGMFL or any other person for payment, (d) the enforcement or absence of enforcement of 
any Liability or of any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (e) the release of any such 
security, guarantee or indemnity, (f) the dissolution, amalgamation, reconstruction or 
reorganisation of CGMFL or any other person, (g) the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability 
of or any defect in any provision of any Liability or any of CGMFL's obligations under or in 
respect of a Liability or (h) any other act, event or omission which but for this sub-Clause might 
operate to discharge, impair or otherwise affect the obligations expressed to be assumed by the

--- Page 230 ---
Form of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee 
 
230 
 
Guarantor herein or any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon the Beneficiaries or 
any of them by this Deed of Guarantee or by law). 
4. 
GUARANTOR'S OBLIGATIONS CONTINUING 
The Guarantor's obligations under this Deed of Guarantee are irrevocable and are and will 
remain in full force and effect by way of continuing security in respect of any outstanding 
Liabilities. Furthermore, these obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and not instead of, 
any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of a Beneficiary, 
whether from the Guarantor or otherwise. The Guarantor irrevocably waives all notices and 
demands whatsoever. 
5. 
REPAYMENT TO CGMFL 
If any payment or amount received by a Beneficiary is, on the subsequent liquidation or 
insolvency of CGMFL, avoided under any laws relating to liquidation or insolvency, such 
payment will not be considered as having discharged or diminished the liability of the Guarantor 
and this Deed of Guarantee will continue to apply as if such payment or amount had at all times 
remained owing by CGMFL. 
6. 
INDEMNITY 
As a separate and alternative stipulation, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably agrees 
that any sum amount expressed to be payable by CGMFL under or in respect of any Liability 
but which is for any reason (whether or not now known or becoming known to CGMFL, the 
Guarantor or any Beneficiary) not recoverable from the Guarantor on the basis of a guarantee 
will nevertheless be recoverable from it as if it were the sole principal debtor and will be paid 
by it to the Beneficiary on the request of such Beneficiary subject as provided herein. This 
indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations in this 
Deed of Guarantee, gives rise to a separate and independent cause of action and will apply 
irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Beneficiary. 
7. 
STATUS OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
This Deed of Guarantee shall take effect as a deed poll for the benefit of each Beneficiary from 
time to time and for the time being, each of which shall be entitled severally to enforce this 
Deed of Guarantee against the Guarantor. The payment obligations of the Guarantor under this 
Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as may 
be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
8. 
SETTLEMENT CONDITIONAL 
Any settlement or discharge between the Guarantor and the Beneficiaries or any of them shall 
be conditional upon no payment to the Beneficiaries or any of them by the Guarantor or any 
other person on the Guarantor's behalf being avoided or reduced by virtue of any laws relating 
to bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or similar laws of general application for the time being 
in force and, in the event of any such payment being so avoided or reduced, the Beneficiaries 
shall be entitled to recover the amount by which such payment is so avoided or reduced from 
the Guarantor subsequently as if such settlement or discharge had not occurred PROVIDED 
THAT such recovery is not contrary to any law applicable thereto.

--- Page 231 ---
Form of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee 
 
231 
 
9. 
NO PRIOR ACTION REQUIRED 
No Beneficiary shall be obliged before exercising any of the rights, powers or remedies 
conferred upon it by this Deed of Guarantee or by law: 
(a) 
to make any demand of CGMFL; 
(b) 
to take any action or obtain judgment in any court against CGMFL; or 
(c) 
to make or file any claim or proof in a winding-up or dissolution of CGMFL, 
and the Guarantor hereby expressly waives presentment, demand, protest and notice of 
dishonour in respect of each Liability. 
10. 
POSTPONEMENT OF GUARANTOR'S RIGHTS 
The Guarantor agrees that, so long as any sums and or amounts are or may be owed by CGMFL 
under or in respect of the Liabilities or CGMFL is under any other actual or contingent 
obligation thereunder or in respect thereof, the Guarantor will not exercise any right which the 
Guarantor may at any time have by reason of the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations 
hereunder: 
(a) 
to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of CGMFL's obligations under or 
in respect of the Liabilities; 
(b) 
to take the benefit (in whole or in part) of any security enjoyed in connection with the 
Liabilities by any Beneficiary; or 
(c) 
to be subrogated to the rights of any Beneficiary against CGMFL in respect of amounts 
paid by the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee. 
11. 
TAXATION 
All payments by the Guarantor under or in connection with this Deed of Guarantee shall be 
made free and clear of and without deduction for or on account of all Taxes. All Taxes in respect 
of this Deed of Guarantee and payments thereunder shall be for the account of and shall be paid 
by the Guarantor for its own account prior to the date on which penalties attach thereto. If the 
Guarantor is compelled by law to make payment subject to any Tax and a Beneficiary does not 
actually receive for its own benefit on the due date the full amount provided for hereunder, the 
Guarantor will pay all necessary additional amounts to ensure receipt by the Beneficiary of the 
full amount so provided for. The Guarantor will indemnify each Beneficiary in respect of all 
such Taxes. 
12. 
POWER TO EXECUTE 
The Guarantor hereby warrants, represents and covenants with each Beneficiary that it has all 
corporate power, and that it has taken all necessary corporate or other steps, to enable it to 
execute, deliver and perform this Deed of Guarantee, and that this Deed of Guarantee constitutes 
a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor in accordance with its terms.

--- Page 232 ---
Form of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee 
 
232 
 
13. 
NO SET-OFF OR COUNTERCLAIM 
All payments to be made by the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee will be calculated and 
be made without (and free and clear of any deduction for) set-off or counterclaim. 
14. 
PRODUCTION OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every Beneficiary to the production of, and the 
right of every Beneficiary to obtain (upon payment of a reasonable charge) a copy of, this Deed 
of Guarantee, and further acknowledges and covenants that the obligations binding upon it 
contained herein are owed to, and shall be for the account of, each and every Beneficiary, and 
that each Beneficiary shall be entitled severally to enforce the said obligations against the 
Guarantor. 
15. 
STAMP DUTIES 
The Guarantor shall pay all stamp, registration and other taxes and duties (including any interest 
and penalties thereon or in connection therewith) which are payable upon or in connection with 
the execution and delivery of this Deed of Guarantee, and shall indemnify each Beneficiary 
against any claim, demand, action, liability, damages, cost, loss or expense (including, without 
limitation, legal fees and any applicable value added tax) which it incurs as a result or arising 
out of or in relation to any failure to pay or delay in paying any of the same. 
16. 
PARTIAL INVALIDITY 
If at any time any provision thereof is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining 
provisions hereof nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the laws of 
any other jurisdiction shall in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
17. 
NOTICES 
All notices, demands and other communications to the Guarantor hereunder shall be made in 
writing (by letter) and shall be sent to the Guarantor at: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, El4 5LB 
England 
Attention: 
Company Secretary 
or to such other address or for the attention of such other person or department as the Guarantor 
has notified to the Beneficiaries. 
Every notice, demand or other communication sent in accordance with this Clause 17 shall be 
effective upon receipt by the Guarantor PROVIDED THAT any such notice, demand or other 
communication which would otherwise take effect on a day which is not a business day in the 
place of the Guarantor or after 4.00 p.m. on any particular day shall not take effect until 
10.00 a.m. on the immediately succeeding business day in the place of the Guarantor.

--- Page 233 ---
Form of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee 
 
233 
 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW 
This Deed of Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
this Deed of Guarantee are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law. 
19. 
RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of this Deed of Guarantee, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any 
person which exists or is available apart from that Act.  
20. 
JURISDICTION 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute including a dispute relating 
to non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this Deed of Guarantee.

--- Page 234 ---
Form of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee 
 
234 
 
IN WITNESS whereof the Guarantor has caused this Deed of Guarantee to be duly executed on the day 
and year first above mentioned. 
 
Executed as a deed 
by CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS 
LIMITED 
acting by 
) 
) 
) 
acting under the authority of that 
company, in the presence of: 
 
Witness's Signature: 
 
Name: 
 
Address:

--- Page 235 ---
Alternative Performance Measures (Citigroup Inc.) 
 
235 
 
SECTION F.6 ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CITIGROUP 
INC. 
CITIGROUP INC. 2023 FORM 10-K 
The Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K contains certain alternative performance measures ("APMs"). For 
further details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) how these APMs are calculated, (iii) an 
explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for investors and (iv) a reconciliation to the 
nearest equivalent U.S. GAAP measures, please see references to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in 
the Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K and the table below: 
 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 
10-K Page Reference for 
Basis 
of 
Calculation, 
Components, Reconciliation 
and 
Comparatives 
to 
Previous Reporting Periods 
Results 
of 
Operations 
excluding the impact of gains 
(losses) on loan hedges 
Citi's results of operations excluding the 
impact of gains (losses) on loan hedges are 
non-GAAP 
financial 
measures. 
Citi 
believes the presentation of its results of 
operations excluding the impact of gains 
(losses) on hedges of accrual loans 
provides a more meaningful depiction for 
investors of the underlying fundamentals 
of its businesses. 
Pages 20, 21 and 22 
Common 
Equity 
Tier 
1 
Capital ratio 
Citi's Basel III capital ratios and related 
components, on a fully implemented basis, 
are non-GAAP financial measures. Citi 
believes these ratios and the related 
components provide useful information to 
investors and others by measuring Citi's 
progress against future regulatory capital 
standards.  
Pages 36 
Supplementary 
Leverage 
Ratio 
Citi's Basel III capital ratios and related 
components, on a fully implemented basis, 
are non-GAAP financial measures. Citi 
believes these ratios and the related 
components provide useful information to 
investors and others by measuring Citi's 
progress against future regulatory capital 
standards.  
Pages 11, 32, 33, 35, 42, 43, 44, 
45, 49, 238 
Tangible 
Common 
Equity 
(TCE) and Tangible Book 
Value per Share (TBVPS) 
Citi believes these capital metrics provide 
alternative measures of capital strength 
and performance and are commonly used 
by investors and industry analysts. 
Pages 11 and 47

--- Page 236 ---
Alternative Performance Measures (Citigroup Inc.) 
 
236 
 
Citigroup's return on average 
tangible 
common 
equity 
(RoTCE) 
Citi's return on average tangible common 
equity (RoTCE) is a non-GAAP financial 
measure. Citi believes the presentation of 
its return on average tangible common 
equity (RoTCE) provides a meaningful 
depiction of the underlying fundamentals 
of its broader results for investors, industry 
analysts and others. 
Pages 11 and 47 
Taxable equivalent basis 
Citi's taxable equivalent basis is a non-
GAAP financial measure. Citi believes the 
presentation of its taxable equivalent basis 
provides a more meaningful depiction for 
investors of the underlying fundamentals 
of its business. 
Pages 107, 108, 110 and 111 
Non-Markets 
Net 
Interest 
Income  
Non-Markets Net Interest Income is a non-
GAAP financial measures. Citi believes 
the presentation of Non-Markets Net 
Interest Income provides a meaningful 
depiction of the underlying fundamentals 
of its broader results for investors, industry 
analysts and others. 
Page 108 
Certain of the results of 
operations 
of 
All 
Other 
(Managed Basis) and Legacy 
Franchises (Managed Basis) 
Results on a managed basis, exclude 
divestiture-related impacts related to Citi's 
sales of its Asia consumer banking 
businesses and the divestiture of Mexico 
consumer banking, small business and 
middle markets within Legacy Franchises. 
Page 12, 27, 28, 84 and 131 
Results of operations that 
exclude the impact of FX 
translation 
Results of operations that exclude the 
impact of FX translation are non-GAAP 
financial measures. Citi believes the 
presentation of its results of operations and 
financial condition excluding the impact of 
FX transaction provides a meaningful 
depiction of the underlying fundamentals 
of its broader results for investors, industry 
analysts and others. 
Page 88, 106, 175, 229 and 234 
Results of operations and 
financial condition excluding 
the impact of notable items 
and 
divestiture-related 
impacts 
Results for 2023 included several notable 
items impacting pretax revenues, expenses 
and cost of credit: 
 
Approximately $1.9 billion of 
aggregate translation losses in 
revenues due to devaluations of 
the Argentine peso 
 
Approximately $1.9 billion in 
aggregate reserve builds related to 
Pages 6- and 7

--- Page 237 ---
Alternative Performance Measures (Citigroup Inc.) 
 
237 
 
increases 
in 
transfer 
risk 
associated with exposures in 
Russia and Argentina, driven by 
safety 
and 
soundness 
considerations 
under 
U.S. 
banking law 
 
An approximate $1.7 billion 
charge to operating expenses 
related to the FDIC special 
assessment in the fourth quarter 
 
Approximately $780 million of 
restructuring charges in the fourth 
quarter, recorded in operating 
expenses 
in 
Corporate/Other 
within All Other (managed basis), 
related to actions taken as part of 
Citi’s 
organizational 
simplification initiatives. 
Results of operations and financial 
condition excluding the notable items and 
divestiture-related impacts are non-GAAP 
financial measures. Citi believes the 
presentation of its results of operations and 
financial condition excluding the impacts 
of these notable items and divestiture-
related impacts provides a meaningful 
depiction of the underlying fundamentals 
of its broader results for investors, industry 
analysts and others.

--- Page 238 ---
Alternative Performance Measures (CGMFL Guarantor) 
 
238 
 
SECTION F.7 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES - CGMFL 
GUARANTOR

--- Page 239 ---
Alternative Performance Measures (CGMFL Guarantor) 
 
239 
 
 
CGMFL GUARANTOR 2022 ANNUAL REPORT 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGML 2022 Annual Report contains several 
alternative performance measures (APMs). For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) 
the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an 
explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for investors and (v) comparatives and 
reconciliations for corresponding previous reporting periods, please see the table below: 
 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis 
of 
calculation 
(including 
any 
assumptions) 
Reconciliation 
with financial 
statements 
Explanation 
of 
why use of APM 
provides useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
In the CGML 2022 Annual Report: 
Other 
Income 
and 
Expenses 
(contained 
in 
the 
Strategic 
Report) 
"Net finance 
income 
on 
pension" and 
"Other 
Income" 
in 
the 
Income 
Statement 
"Other 
Income" 
in 
the 
Income 
Statement 
"Other 
Income" in the 
Income 
Statement 
Acts 
as 
a 
subtotal/summary 
Other Income 
and 
Expenses 
was presented 
in the Strategic 
Report in the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor 2021 
Annual Report 
and 
was 
calculated 
in 
the 
same 
manner

--- Page 240 ---
Alternative Performance Measures (CGMFL Guarantor) 
 
240 
 
CGMFL GUARANTOR 2023 ANNUAL REPORT 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGML 2023 Annual Report contains several 
alternative performance measures (APMs). For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) 
the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an 
explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for investors and (v) comparatives and 
reconciliations for corresponding previous reporting periods, please see the table below: 
 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis 
of 
calculation 
(including 
any 
assumptions) 
Reconciliation 
with financial 
statements 
Explanation 
of why use of 
APM 
provides 
useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
In the CGML 2023 Annual Report: 
Other 
Income and 
Expenses 
(contained in 
the Strategic 
Report) 
for 
the 
period 
ended 
31 
December 
2023 
"Net finance 
income 
on 
pension" and 
“Other 
Income” 
in 
the 
Income 
Statement for 
the 
period 
ended 
31 
December 
2023 
"Net finance 
income 
on 
pension" and 
“Other 
Income” 
in 
the 
Income 
Statement for 
the 
period 
ended 
31 
December 
2023 
"Net 
finance 
income 
on 
pension" 
and 
“Other 
Income” in the 
Income 
Statement 
Acts 
as 
a 
subtotal 
/ 
summary 
Other Income 
and Expenses 
was presented 
in the Strategic 
Report in the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor 
2022 
Annual 
Report and was 
calculated 
in 
the 
same 
manner

--- Page 241 ---
General Information relating to the Programme and the Notes 
 
241 
 
SECTION G – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
NOTES

--- Page 242 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
242 
 
SECTION G.1 – DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
The Notes may be Notes which do not bear interest, interest bearing securities, securities which pay a 
fixed amount on redemption, and/or securities whose return (in respect to any interest payable on such 
securities and/or the redemption amount payable in respect of such securities) is linked to one or more 
Underlyings. This section provides information in respect of certain product features and/or 
characteristics which may have an effect on the return on the Notes. Investors should note that the product 
features and/or characteristics and their effect on the return on the Notes as described in this Section are 
not intended to be exhaustive. Investors should also read the risk factors set out in Section B above and 
the Conditions. 
General 
Interest 
The Notes may or may not be expressed to bear interest in the applicable Issue Terms. Where the Notes 
are expressed to bear interest, then amounts in respect of interest due under the Notes will be determined 
by reference to the applicable inflation rate, fixed rate, floating rate, CMS rate, forward rate or variable 
rate (which may be determined by reference to the relevant Underlying(s)).  
Whether interest is due or not and the amount of interest due may be determined by reference to a formula 
and the performance of any applicable inflation rate, floating rate, CMS rate, variable rate or the relevant 
Underlying(s). Depending on such factors, it is possible that no amount in respect of interest shall be 
paid on the relevant Interest Payment Date. You should review the Conditions to determine which 
provisions and features apply to the relevant Notes. 
Features which determine interest amounts due in respect of Notes linked to the performance of 
relevant rates and/or Underlying(s)  
Where the Notes are linked to the performance of relevant rate(s) and/or the specified Underlying(s), 
then certain features of such Notes (as described below) may determine amounts due thereunder. You 
must ensure that you read and understand the relevant provisions in respect of the Notes as these will 
dictate the amount of the interest payments and whether such amounts are paid.  
Specific features 
• 
Caps, floors, collars and participation rates or multipliers 
Certain formulae for determining amounts due under the Notes may be subject to one or a 
combination of the following features: 
− 
A maximum amount (a cap) 
− 
A minimum amount (a floor)  
− 
A maximum amount and a minimum amount (a collar) 
− 
One or more participation rates or multipliers 
In such circumstances, the relevant calculation will not be made only by reference to the 
performance of the relevant rate(s) and/or Underlying(s) and the application of such features 
may result in the calculation being subject to a minimum and/or maximum amount or otherwise

--- Page 243 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
243 
 
increasing or decreasing the amount that would otherwise have been calculated had no such 
feature(s) been applicable. 
The value of or movements in the value of the relevant rate or Underlying will be magnified 
where a participation rate or multiplier applies and may therefore result in greater increases or 
decreases in the amount of interest payable than if no participation rate applied. 
• 
Absolute value: 
Certain formulae for determining amounts due under the Notes may make reference to an 
"absolute value", meaning that the relevant calculation, if resulting in a negative number, will 
be determined as if it were a positive number. 
• 
FX performance: 
An "fx performance" feature may be applied to the formulae for determining amounts due under 
the Notes, meaning that the formulae shall be adjusted to take into account the performance or 
change in value of a specified fx rate from a specified initial valuation date to a specified final 
valuation date. In such case, amounts due in respect of the Notes will also be linked to the 
performance of the relevant exchange rate and negative performance of such exchange rate 
could negate any positive performance of relevant rate(s) or other applicable Underlying(s). 
• 
Reserve Coupon 
A "reserve coupon" feature may be applied to the formulae for determining amounts due under 
the Notes, meaning that, subject as provided in the Conditions, 
− 
if Reserve Option is specified to be Option 1 in the applicable Issue Terms, interest 
amounts which are greater than the reserve coupon rate being capped and the excess 
amounts being applied to "top up" later interest amounts up to a maximum of the 
reserve coupon rate. The reserve coupon rate for the final interest period shall then be 
applied to either increase (where the total reserve coupon is a positive number) or 
decrease (where the total reserve coupon is a negative number) the Redemption 
Amount of the Notes.; or 
− 
if Reserve Option is specified to be Option 2 in the applicable Issue Terms, the average 
amount by which an actual coupon rate is less than zero for each interest period within 
the specified initial reserve period shall be applied to reduce interest amounts payable 
during the remaining term of the Notes. In addition and if specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the redemption amount may be increased or decreased by the sum of the 
redemption reserve amounts during the remaining reserve period; or 
− 
if Reserve Option is specified to be Option 3 in the applicable Issue Terms, interest 
rates for each interest period will be floored at the specified Floor and the amount by 
which such actual coupon rate is less than the Floor will be used to reduce the amount 
of any interest rate for future interest periods where the actual coupon rate is greater 
than the Floor. In addition, where the total reserve coupon for the final interest period 
is greater than zero, the total reserve coupon will be applied to reduce the Redemption 
Amount of the Notes (subject to the application of any floor applied to such 
Redemption Amount).

--- Page 244 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
244 
 
• 
Auto Floor 
An "auto floor" feature may be applied to the formulae for determining amounts due under the 
Notes, meaning that, subject as provided in the Conditions, the specified floor will be applied 
to the actual coupon amount determined in respect of the Notes where such actual coupon 
amount is less than the specified floor, but such floor will only be applied to a number of such 
interest periods up to the specified Initial Floorlets Number. Where the actual coupon amount 
is less than the specified floor for more than such number of interest periods during the term of 
the Notes, the specified floor will not be applied to all such actual coupon amounts. 
• 
Auto Cap 
An "auto cap" feature may be applied to the formulae for determining amounts due under the 
Notes, meaning that, the specified cap will be applied to the actual coupon amount determined 
in respect of the Notes where such actual coupon amount is more than the specified cap, but 
such cap will only be applied to a number of such interest periods up to the specified Initial 
Caplets Number. Where the actual coupon amount is more than the specified cap for more than 
such number of interest periods during the term of the Notes, the specified cap will not be 
applied to all such actual coupon amounts.". 
• 
Global interest floor: 
A "global interest floor" may be applied to the formulae for determining amounts due under the 
Notes, meaning that the total amount of interest payable in respect of the Notes shall not be less 
than the floor amount. In such case, if the total amount of interest paid in respect of the Notes 
prior to the application of the global interest floor provisions is less than the floor amount, the 
difference between such total amount of interest and the floor amount shall be paid on the final 
interest payment date in respect of the Notes. 
• 
Global interest cap: 
A "global interest cap" may be applied to the formulae for determining amounts due under the 
Notes, meaning that the total amount of interest payable in respect of the Notes shall not be 
greater than the cap amount. In such case, if the total amount of interest paid in respect of the 
Notes prior to the application of the global interest cap provisions is greater than the cap amount, 
the interest amount payable in respect of the relevant interest payment date shall be capped such 
that the total amount of interest payable in respect of the Notes in respect of each interest 
payment date up to (and including) the relevant interest payment date does not exceed the cap 
amount and no further interest will be payable in respect of the Notes after such date. This will 
decrease the amount that would have been payable had such cap not been applied and will result 
in no interest being paid in respect of the Notes after the cap has been reached. 
• 
Restructuring feature 
A "restructure" feature may apply to the Notes meaning that a Noteholder holding all of the 
outstanding Notes may make a valid request that the Issuer restructure the interest basis relating 
to such Notes. If the Noteholder accepts the restructure rate (which may be a fixed, floating or 
variable rate) proposed by the Issuer, the interest basis of such Notes will be changed for the 
relevant interest payment dates. A fee may be payable by the Noteholder in respect of the 
relevant restructuring and there may be a maximum number of restructures.

--- Page 245 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
245 
 
• 
Switcher feature 
A "Switcher Option" may apply to the Notes, meaning that the Notes may bear interest at a rate 
that converts, at the option of the Issuer, from one specified rate to another specified rate. The 
Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of 
borrowing for the Issuer.  
• 
Lock-in change of interest basis 
A "Lock-in Change of Interest Basis" may apply to the Notes, meaning that the interest basis in 
respect of the Notes will change on the occurrence of one or more lock-in event(s) as provided 
therein. 
• 
Dual Currency Notes 
If the Notes are Dual Currency Notes, then amounts payable in respect of the Notes will be 
determined by converting all amounts due under the Notes from the currency in which the Notes 
are denominated into the payment currency by multiplying such amounts due by the Dual 
Currency Exchange Rate for the relevant specified valuation date. 
Mandatory early redemption or "autocall"  
If "Mandatory Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then such 
Issue Terms will specify what constitutes a "Mandatory Early Redemption Condition" and, following 
satisfaction of the Mandatory Early Redemption Condition, a Mandatory Early Redemption Event shall 
occur, the Notes will be redeemed on the relevant mandatory early redemption date and the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms will become payable and 
no further amount shall be payable in respect of such Notes after the mandatory early redemption date. 
In this case, you are subject to a reinvestment risk, as you may not be able to replace your investment in 
such Notes with an investment that has a similar profile of chances and risks as the relevant Notes. 
If any Notes are redeemed early in accordance with the above, the amount you receive will be limited to 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount irrespective of the value of the relevant Underlying(s) or any 
other reference factor(s) applicable to such Underlying(s). Furthermore, you will not benefit from any 
movement in the value of relevant Underlying(s) or other reference factors relating to the Notes that may 
occur during the period between the relevant date of early redemption and the maturity date. 
Where the "Rollerball MER Condition" is specified as the Mandatory Early Redemption Condition, the 
Notes will redeem on the mandatory early redemption date in respect of which the relevant rollerball 
reference observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
equal to or above the specified rollerball barrier; or 
(b) 
above the specified rollerball barrier; or 
(c) 
equal to or below the specified rollerball barrier; or 
(d) 
below the specified rollerball barrier. 
A rollerball reference observation may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a Floating Interest 
Rate, (ii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iii) a Spread Interest Rate or (iv) an FX Rate.

--- Page 246 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
246 
 
A rollerball barrier may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a fixed rate, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) a Spread Interest Rate, (v) an FX Rate, (vi) the sum of more 
than one rate or (vii) one rate minus another rate. 
Where the "TARN MER Condition" is specified as the Mandatory Early Redemption Condition, the 
Notes will redeem on the mandatory early redemption date on which the total interest payable in respect 
of the Notes (including the interest payable in respect of the interest period ending on or about such 
mandatory early redemption date) is equal to or greater than, the TARN Rate specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Unless the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified to be an amount which is greater than your 
initial investment in the Notes, then you should note that you will lose all or part of your investment. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Notes, as set out in General Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and any related provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. You should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Redemption amount due on the maturity date  
The redemption amount due in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date may be a fixed amount or an 
amount linked to the performance of an Underlying, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Credit Linked Notes and/or Index Skew Notes 
Credit Events  
The amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon whether bankruptcy has occurred with 
respect to the Reference Entity and whether certain credit events ("Credit Events") have occurred in 
respect of obligations of the Reference Entity that fall within a specified category (e.g., bonds, loans, 
borrowed money) and where applicable have specified characteristics (e.g., subordination, currency, 
governing law). Whereas bankruptcy is a Credit Event that relates to the Reference Entity itself, other 
Credit Events, such as failure to pay or restructuring, relate to obligations of the Reference Entity and 
only in the case of a restructuring credit event and in certain cases relating to failure to pay where the 
"2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)" and "Credit 
Deterioration Requirement" apply in the applicable Issue Terms, deterioration of creditworthiness of the 
Reference Entity is a pre-condition for a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, to occur. Depending 
on the terms of the Credit Linked Note, obligations for which the Reference Entity acts in a capacity 
other than direct obligor (for example, as a guarantor or insurer) may or may not be within the class of 
obligations that is relevant for the purposes of determining whether a Credit Event has occurred. Investors 
should additionally be aware that a Reference Entity may decide to restructure only certain classes of its 
obligations and such a selective restructuring may not result in a Credit Event for the classes of 
obligations that are relevant for a particular Credit Linked Note. Investors should therefore carefully

--- Page 247 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
247 
 
review the applicable Credit Events and their definitions under the Credit Linked Notes and 
independently evaluate its appropriateness to the objective for purchasing the Credit Linked Notes. 
Impact of a Credit Event or Risk Event on principal and interest 
If "2014 Reference Entity" applies, following a Credit Event which is a Governmental Intervention or 
certain Restructuring Credit Events, an Asset Package Credit Event may occur and the amount of 
principal payable may be determined based on the value of a package of assets which a relevant 
obligation of a Reference Entity has been converted into or exchanged for (which may be worth 
significantly less than the principal amount of such original obligation of such Reference Entity or, where 
such original obligation has been expropriated for no compensation, may be zero). Prospective investors 
in such Credit Linked Notes should be aware that depending on the terms thereof (i) they may receive 
no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of any specified assets 
may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their 
investment. 
The occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in relation to any Reference Entity from 
time to time may result in either full or partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes on the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date which shall depend on whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit 
Payment Following Credit Event" applies (and additionally, in the case of Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, whether "Redemption in Part" or "Redemption in Full" applies) and any recovery (which 
could be zero) or any incurred recovery amounts (to the extent that such recovery falls within the tranche 
to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed 
to (as applicable)) will be payable to the investor but the investor shall be exposed to all incurred losses 
(to the extent that such losses fall within the tranche to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)), which will reduce its principal 
redemptions. Where "Physical Redemption" applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes based on the delivery of certain direct or indirect obligations of 
the affected Reference Entity, which may have a market value which is substantially less than their 
nominal amount. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, investors should note that interest will cease to accrue on a specified portion of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes as set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes depending 
on whether "Interest Accrual on Default" or "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the applicable 
Issue Terms.  
If "No Interest Accrual on Default" is applicable, interest will cease from the Interest Payment Date or 
LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable or where there is no Interest Payment Date or 
LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date. If "Interest Accrual on 
Default" is applicable, interest will cease to accrue on the first Business Day immediately following the 
Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. In such 
case, interest shall accrue on the affected applicable proportion from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date or LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable (or where there is no 
Interest Payment Date or LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date) to 
(and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable. With respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Principal Writedown Amount with effect from the Credit Event 
Writedown Date, being the business day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date.

--- Page 248 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
248 
 
The Issuer may also suspend interest in certain circumstances where (a) an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question or a CE Resolution Notice, as applicable, has been submitted in respect of which a DC 
Resolution has not been published or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved 
whether it will convene a meeting to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question or the matters 
described in the CE Resolution Notice, as applicable, or (b) where the Calculation Agent has determined 
that a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event 
Notice, as applicable, has been provided to the Issuer and/or the Noteholders. In such circumstances, 
investors should note that the Issuer would suspend the maximum amount of interest payable assuming 
(i) the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, had occurred, (ii) in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring 
or Restructuring, as applicable, as though no partial exercise occurred and (iii) where the amount to be 
withheld requires calculation of any recovery amount, a fixed recovery of zero per cent. applies. Such 
suspension of interest shall be effected although no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date has actually occurred.  
Investors should be aware that payment of any interest wrongly suspended will be repayable in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes and where insufficient interest has 
been suspended (the absolute value of such interest shortfall constituting the Interest Suspension Shortfall 
Amount), such Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount shall be claimed by the Issuer from any future 
amount(s) payable or assets Delivered upon the redemption or, where applicable, write down in full of 
the relevant Credit Linked Notes (whether at maturity or upon early redemption). The Issuer however 
shall have no further claims against any investors for any Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount which 
cannot be deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being insufficient). 
Interest (if applicable) shall continue to be suspended until the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee makes the relevant announcements or the Calculation Agent determines that 
no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can 
occur. In such circumstances, investors should note that they may not receive any interest for multiple 
Interest Periods and no liability will attach to the Issuer for any such non-payment of interest.  
Interest will otherwise continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of the Credit Linked Note 
unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, to and excluding the 
earlier to occur of any full redemption at Scheduled Maturity Date or any relevant early redemption. 
Where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Credit Linked Notes 
in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount at the funding interest rate.  
Investors should note that the Issuer is not obliged to suffer any loss as a result of a Credit Event or Risk 
Event. Credit losses on Credit Linked Notes will be calculated irrespective of whether the Issuer has 
suffered an actual loss in relation to a Reference Entity or any obligations thereof. The Issuer is not 
obliged to account for any recovery which it may subsequently make in relation to such Reference Entity 
or its obligations. 
Successors 
Investors should note that, from time to time, the Reference Entity may be subject to change following 
the determination of any successors to the Reference Entity, and the creditworthiness of such successors 
may have an impact on the value of, and return on, the Credit Linked Notes. 
Broadly, "successor" means, the entity or entities, if any, determined to have succeeded to a requisite 
amount of relevant obligations of the Reference Entity. For a Sovereign Reference Entity, an entity may 
only be a successor to a Reference Entity that is a sovereign following the occurrence of a unification, 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar 
event.

--- Page 249 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
249 
 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after it 
becomes aware of the relevant succession (but, where "2003 Reference Entity" applies, no earlier than 
14 calendar days after the legally effective date of the relevant succession event), the sovereign or entity, 
if any, that qualifies as the successor. The Credit Linked Conditions provide that if a Reference Entity 
has more than one successor, the Calculation Agent shall amend the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, 
without consent of the investors, to reflect that the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more 
than one successor and for the purposes of calculation, the affected notional representing such Reference 
Entity will be divided equally among the successors. Following such determination, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and 
interest will accrue on such amount in accordance with the adjustments determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner to reflect the economic effects of the 
identification of more than one successor, considered in the aggregate. Investors should note that the 
Credit Linked Note may reference substantially different credit risks following the determination of one 
or more successors. These credit risks could potentially be greater or lesser than the credit risk of the 
original Reference Entity. Investors should also be aware that the determination of a successor will not 
necessarily result in the assumption of that obligation by the successor either at all or in the same 
proportion as the allocation of the notional amount of the original Credit Linked Note. Such changes to 
the Credit Linked Notes could adversely impact the value of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Exposure to Credit Events and successions prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date 
The Credit Event Backstop Date represents the first day of the credit protection period for a Series of 
Credit Linked Notes. The default position under the Credit Linked Conditions is for the Credit Event 
Backstop Date to be determined on a rolling basis by reference to a look-back period of 60 calendar days 
from the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or the effective date of the Credit Event Notice, as 
applicable. Investors should accordingly note a Credit Event occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue 
Date may result in a Credit Event being triggered under such Credit Linked Notes. Investors should also 
note that this will not be the case where the terms of the Credit Linked Notes expressly specify the Credit 
Event Backstop Date as the Trade Date or the Issue Date. Credit Linked Notes may also be exposed to 
Successor determinations in respect of events occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date as, where 
"2014 Reference Entity" applies, the Credit Linked Notes have a similar backstop date (referred to as 
"Successor Backstop Date" where "2014 Reference Entity" applies and "Succession Event Backstop 
Date" where "2003 Reference Entity" applies), which is a look-back period of 90 calendar days prior to 
the date of a request to convene the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (or, if 
applicable, the effective date of a notice to the investor describing the relevant succession) is applicable 
for the purposes of any Successor determination. In both cases, investors should note that a Credit Event 
or succession that occurred prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date could affect the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes. In respect of a Series of Credit Linked Notes to which "2014 Reference Entity" applies, where on 
or after 1 January 2014, an entity assumes all of the obligations (including at least one relevant obligation) 
of a Reference Entity which is not a sovereign, in circumstances where a Reference Entity has ceased to 
exist, or is in the process of being dissolved and has not issued or incurred any borrowed money 
obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption (such entity, a "Universal 
Successor"), the look-back period of 90 calendar days will not apply.  
Investors should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to any Reference 
Entity(ies) by consulting publicly available information. If, prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date, a 
request to convene a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to determine whether a Credit Event 
or Successor determination has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity has been made, details of 
such 
request 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
DC 
Secretary's 
webpage 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). If a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not been convened to determine such matter as of the Trade Date or Issue 
Date, investors should note that one may still be convened after the Trade Date or Issue Date in respect

--- Page 250 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
250 
 
of an event that has occurred which occurs up to 60 days (in the case of a Credit Event), 90 days in the 
case of the determination of a Successor) or any time (in the case of the determination of a Universal 
Successor, where applicable) before the date of a request to convene such Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to make the relevant determinations. Equally, Credit Events and successions 
may occur but where issues are not raised within the requisite time period to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to qualify for a Credit Event or a qualifying succession, the events will not 
impact the relevant Credit Linked Notes, subject to any further actions undertaken by the Calculation 
Agent (where applicable).  
Reference Obligations under the Credit Linked Notes 
Where "2014 Reference Entity" applies and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, the reference 
obligation will be the obligation specified as the market standard reference obligation for the relevant 
Reference Entity for the relevant seniority level (the "Standard Reference Obligation" or "SRO") when 
such SRO is published on the relevant SRO list and from the date of such publication any non-standard 
reference obligation set out in the applicable Issue Terms (if any) will no longer be the reference 
obligation. The rules outlining the selection and replacement of the Standard Reference Obligation are 
contained within the rules relating to Standard Reference Obligation, as published by ISDA 
(www.isda.org or any successor website) and as amended and/or supplemented from time to time in 
accordance with the terms thereof (the "SRO Rules"). The SRO for a relevant seniority level will only 
be replaced by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee by majority vote in certain 
circumstances set out in the SRO Rules (for example, if the Standard Reference Obligation matures, is 
redeemed or is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity, or in the case of where Financial 
Reference Entities is stated to be applicable in the Issue Terms and where "Mod R" or "Mod Mod R" 
applies, if the Standard Reference Obligation has less than one year remaining maturity and a 
replacement Standard Reference Obligation is available in the first maturity bucket, amongst others) after 
performing the necessary legal review and the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, the Dealer and/or one or 
more of their respective affiliates are not under an obligation to replace the SRO if a substitution event 
occurs. The Issue Terms may specify that Standard Reference Obligation does not apply, in which case 
the Reference Obligation will be the non-standard reference obligation specified in the Issue Terms, if 
any. Where certain substitution events occur with respect to such non-standard reference obligations, the 
Calculation Agent will attempt to substitute the same in accordance with the criteria and conditions set 
out in the Credit Linked Notes.  
Where a Reference Obligation Only Series is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall early redeem without any substitution of the reference obligation where the reference 
obligation is redeemed in whole but otherwise, no substitution will be required if the aggregate amounts 
under the said obligation have reduced or it no longer is an obligation of the Reference Entity. 
Asset Package Delivery 
Under the Credit Linked Conditions, where "2014 Reference Entity" applies, asset package delivery 
provisions may apply in respect of a Financial Reference Entity in certain circumstances if either (i) a 
"Governmental Intervention" Credit Event has occurred or (ii) if "Restructuring" is an applicable Credit 
Event, a restructuring has occurred in respect of the reference obligation of a Financial Reference Entity, 
and such restructuring does not constitute a "Governmental Intervention" Credit Event. Asset package 
delivery options may also apply in respect of certain Sovereigns subject to restructuring of a package 
observable bond if Package Observable Bonds, being a certain number of deliverable bonds of the 
sovereign, exist. Following a "Governmental Intervention" Credit Event or a restructuring of a reference 
obligation, in each case in respect of a Financial Reference Entity, or in the case of certain sovereigns 
subject to restructuring of a package observable bond, provided that there was an existing obligation of 
the Reference Entity which, immediately prior to the relevant event constituted a deliverable obligation 
(a "Prior Deliverable Obligation" in the case of a Financial Reference Entity and "Package Observable

--- Page 251 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
251 
 
Bond" in the case of certain sovereigns), the assets which result from such Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond can be used for the purposes of redeeming the Credit Linked Notes (such 
redemption "Asset Package Delivery").  
Asset Package Delivery may apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs unless (i) such Asset Package 
Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the Credit Event 
that triggered redemption, (ii) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and no Package Observable Bond 
exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event, or (iii) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign 
and "2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014) " is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue Terms (even if 
such a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA or any other successor entity).  
Asset Package Delivery may apply in circumstances where the deliverable obligation has either been 
converted into something that does not constitute a deliverable obligation (e.g. equity), written-down in 
part (such that it becomes uneconomic to deliver) or written-down in full (such that it is uneconomic to 
deliver, but in any event, there is no obligation that can actually be delivered). In such circumstances, 
investors should note that the Outstanding Principal Balance will be treated to be the Outstanding 
Principal Balance immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event and where the 
Outstanding Principal Balance is deemed to be written down to zero, the Asset Package shall be deemed 
to be zero and delivery of the Package Observable Bond or Prior Deliverable Obligation will be deemed 
to have been satisfied in full. For the purposes of Asset Package Delivery, the asset package for any 
holder of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond will consist of all of the 
assets in the proportion received or retained by such holder in connection with the Asset Package Credit 
Event. The relevant asset package must be delivered in the proportion received or retained by such a 
holder. If the asset package is not capable of being transferred (excluding due to market conditions) or is 
not of the type typically traded in, or suitable for being traded in, financial markets, the asset shall be 
deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the market value thereof by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. In such case, Asset Package Delivery will occur by payment of 
such cash amount. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligations 
Investors should note that where Asset Package Delivery is not applicable, an Obligation of a Reference 
Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of 
which a Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and (b) which meets the deliverable obligation criteria falling within the specific category 
(Bond and/or Loan) and meeting certain characteristics immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring remains a good deliverable for the purposes of inclusion on any Final List or Physical 
Redemption save that unlike in the case of Asset Package Delivery, the outstanding principal balance 
will not be deemed to be such outstanding principal balance prior to the restructuring credit event but 
will be assessed as per the terms of the Credit Linked Note at the time of determination. Accordingly, 
the Issuer may be required to deliver additional deliverable obligations in order to meet the outstanding 
principal balance requirements for delivery. 
M(M)R Restructuring and Movement Option 
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies, 
depending on whether "2003 Reference Entity" or "2014 Reference Entity" applies, and M(M)R 
Restructuring occurs, investors should note that the deliverable obligations which qualify for inclusion 
on the Final List or for "Physical Redemption" must not only meet the specific deliverability obligation

--- Page 252 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
252 
 
category or characteristics but is further restricted by virtue of its tenor to maturity. Accordingly, the loss 
suffered by an investor will depend on the recovery (expressed as a percentage) for the relevant 
deliverables. Longer dated obligations are subjected to lower recovery in comparison with the shorter 
dated obligations. Where the Calculation Agent determines in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring that a 
No Auction Announcement Date has occurred in certain circumstances, it may elect (in its sole and 
absolute discretion) to deliver a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the Issuer in order for 
redemption to be effected by virtue of the relevant Auction Redemption Amount being determined by 
reference to a "Parallel Auction" identified by the Calculation Agent in the Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option, where the permissible deliverables are more limited in order to accommodate "Auction 
Redemption". Accordingly, in these circumstances, the loss suffered by an investor will depend on the 
recovery for the deliverable obligations associated with the particular "Parallel Auction".  
Auction Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, then the amounts payable 
under the Credit Linked Notes will be determined on the basis of the final price determined pursuant to 
the auction procedure set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (then available 
at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website)). In respect of specified 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, provided that the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee determines that an applicable auction will be held, an auction final price determination date 
will occur. Credit losses determined pursuant to a market auction process may be greater or less than the 
losses which would have been determined in the absence of the auction. In particular, the auction process 
may be affected by technical factors or operational errors, which would not otherwise apply or may be 
the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. The administrator(s) specified in the auction settlement 
terms conduct auctions. Investors are subject to the risk that where a final price is determined in 
accordance with an auction, this may result in a lower recovery value than an obligation of the Reference 
Entity would have had if such final price had been determined pursuant to alternative methods.  
In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may amend the form of auction settlement 
terms for a particular auction. The DC Rules provide for certain amendments by resolution of a convened 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. Other amendments may be made subject to a public 
comment period; however, the DC Rules permit the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
forego a public comment period by supermajority action. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction will be on similar terms to the form 
of auction settlement terms or the terms of previous auctions. 
Where the only relevant Credit Event is a restructuring, several concurrent but separate auctions may 
occur with respect to the Reference Entity and such Credit Event. The auction settlement amount may 
be based on the price of one or more obligations of the Reference Entity having a final maturity date 
different from the restructured obligation. 
Although auctions can generally be expected to be held for Reference Entities that are widely traded in 
the credit markets, there can be no assurance that an auction will be held for future Credit Events or that, 
if held, the auction will result in the determination of an auction final price. If an auction is not held or 
fails to result in the determination of an auction final price (as might occur if an auction is cancelled by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee due, for example, to an inability to obtain the requisite 
number of initial bids) and if "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, 
then the "Fallback Redemption Method" shall apply which, depending on the nature of the Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed, may be cash redemption, or physical redemption. In such circumstances of cash 
redemption, the final price will be determined pursuant to the valuation method specified in the Credit 
Linked Notes.

--- Page 253 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
253 
 
Investors should carefully assess and understand the elections specified in relation to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes and the circumstances and/or events as described above, which may affect the value of, 
and return on, such Credit Linked Notes. 
Physical redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event 
Where "Physical Redemption" or "LA Physical Redemption" applies to Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer 
must select obligations of the Reference Entity that satisfy specified criteria and deliver those obligations 
to the investor in an amount determined in accordance with the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Investors should be aware that physical redemption may not be possible to accomplish under some 
circumstances, including where the Issuer is unable to procure the specified or selected deliverable 
obligation(s) due to market dislocations or prior redemptions or refinancings by the Reference Entity, 
failure to receive necessary transfer consents (such as from a borrower or agent) or delays in receiving 
such consents, or court orders prohibiting transfers of an obligation. In such event, the terms of the Credit 
Linked Notes may provide the Issuer with alternative methods of settlement or permit partial cash 
settlement subject to certain conditions or specify other fallback consequences which may include 
redemption by way of payment of a cash amount.  
Further, where "Physical Redemption" applies, if all or any part of the Physical Redemption Assets that 
would be required to be Delivered to a Noteholder is not a whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of 
transfer for any such Physical Redemption Assets at the relevant time of Delivery, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer will only Deliver the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified 
by the Issuer which is as large a size as possible but less than the full Physical Redemption Assets, after 
consideration of such smallest unit or units of transfer and application of rounding. The value of the 
undelivered obligations will be deemed to be zero and the Issuer's obligations to an investor in respect 
of such portion shall be fully and effectively discharged in such circumstances. Investors should 
understand the terms of the obligation and applicable securities laws as these may restrict their ability to 
take delivery of Deliverable Obligations. If investors are to receive Deliverable Obligations, investors 
should also note that delivery expenses will be taken into account in determining the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount of the relevant Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered. 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
If "2014 Reference Entity" applies, the outstanding principal balance of a deliverable obligation is 
determined by calculating (i) the amount of all principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity in 
respect of such obligation, minus (ii) any unwind costs, any delivery expenses, any interest suspension 
shortfall amounts and any portion of such principal payment obligations that are subject to a contingency 
(other than certain permitted contingencies) or prohibited action (the amount determined in sub-
paragraph (i) above less any amounts subtracted in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, being the 
"Non-Contingent Amount") and thereafter determining the lowest amount of the claim that could be 
validly asserted against a Reference Entity in respect of such Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation 
was redeemed or accelerated. If "2003 Reference Entity" applies, the outstanding principal balance of a 
deliverable obligation will be determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, and will similarly deduct any unwind costs, any delivery expenses and 
any interest suspension shortfall amounts. Accordingly, if payments of principal are subject to a 
contingency, the outstanding principal balance could be less than the principal balance (and depending 
upon the type of contingency, could even be zero). 
The quantum of the claim will be normally determined in accordance with any applicable law that reduce 
or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation. 
Where the "2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)" 
and "Fallback Discounting" both apply and if certain other conditions are met (being (a) the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted in accordance with applicable law and

--- Page 254 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
254 
 
(b) the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under a Loan is less than 95 per cent. of the principal 
redemption amount or principal repayment amount (as applicable), and in each case, there are no 
provisions relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early 
redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for such Bond or Loan, as applicable), 
the Outstanding Principal Balance would instead be the lesser of (i) the Non-Contingent Amount and (ii) 
an amount determined by straight line interpolation between (A) the issue price of the Bond or the amount 
advanced under the Loan and (B) the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as 
applicable. In such circumstances, prospective investors should note that upon Delivery by the Issuer of 
impacted Deliverable Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, the amount received by the 
investor would potentially be further reduced which could result in an anticipated par claim being treated 
as less than par. 
Partial cash redemption and Fallback Cash Redemption  
The Issuer may be required to make a payment in cash to the Noteholders where, for example, physical 
delivery is illegal or impossible or the necessary consents for transfer of the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation have not been obtained. In addition, the Issuer may elect in lieu of delivering all or any part 
of the Asset Package to pay cash instead to investors the asset market value of any non-delivered asset 
package converted if necessary, into the currency of denomination of the Credit Linked Notes at the 
prevailing market rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith. Such asset market 
value may be determined by the Calculation Agent based on any specialised valuation or methodology 
determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or the Calculation Agent or based on a 
value obtained as though "Cash Redemption" were to apply on a Valuation Date selected by the 
Calculation Agent.  
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date 
The terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes allow for the Issuer in certain circumstances to 
attempt to continue performing its delivery obligations after the Physical Redemption Date. If Delivery 
is not completed in full by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, in certain circumstances 
when the event affecting Delivery is cured, the Issuer may be required to complete Delivery on or prior 
to the Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date.  
Delivery of Loans 
Where physical redemption applies and to the extent investors would be required to receive loans as 
deliverable obligations under a Credit Linked Note, investors should be familiar with the documentation 
and settlement practices of the relevant secondary loan trading markets and applicable laws and 
regulations (including the legal consequences of furnishing or receiving non-public information 
regarding a Reference Entity).  
Provisions of the Reference Entity's credit agreements may affect a party's ability to deliver or receive 
loans, the economic consequences of doing so and whether loans meet deliverability criteria. 
Accordingly, investors should review such agreements carefully, including the provisions governing 
assignments, any collateral allocation mechanisms i.e., a mandatory exchange of obligations for other 
obligations under a credit agreement, not all of which may be deliverable and provisions that may require 
or entitle a lender to advance funds. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
Investors should note that a Payment/Delivery Failure Event will occur where certain relevant definitive 
Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes) and/or the Deliverable Obligation Notice are not delivered or there is a

--- Page 255 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
255 
 
failure to duly execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or before 
any Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Obligation that is on or 
before any Delivery Date. In such case, investors should note that the obligations of the Issuer to procure 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and make any payment shall cease until such time, such 
event is cured whereupon deferred delivery shall apply or if "Fallback Cash Redemption" is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms, fallback cash settlement shall apply. Investors will not be entitled to 
any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of such deferred delivery or payment. 
Cash Redemption or LA Cash Redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable 
If "Cash Redemption" or "LA Cash Redemption", as applicable, applies to the Credit Linked Notes, then 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, the Calculation Agent will be 
required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the Reference Entity in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that such obligations may 
no longer exist and no qualifying substitute obligations may have been identified, such quotations may 
not be available, or the level of such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in 
the relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the credit risk of the Reference Entity (for example, 
liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). Moreover, the market value of a Reference Entity's 
obligations may be highly volatile in the period following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable. 
Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of the relevant 
obligation which would be determined by reference to (for example) the present value of related cash 
flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled the disposition of the obligations. Furthermore, 
the price of the selected obligations of the Reference Entity may be deemed to be zero in the event that 
no such quotations are available. Further, valuation of the selected obligations will be determined at a 
particular determination date and as such the recovery price which would be adopted in any loss amount 
or incurred loss amount that would be suffered by an investor following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
or Risk Event, as applicable, will reflect the value of relevant obligations at a given date. As such, the 
exposure to loss suffered by an investor or any principal write-down may be more than that ultimately 
realised by a holder of debt obligations of the Reference Entity, whether by means of enforcement of 
rights following a default or receipt of distributions following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Investors should note that if an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by valuation of the related Asset 
Package and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal 
Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, to which 
it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (B) if the Asset Package is zero, a 
Quotation shall be deemed to have been obtained for the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, equal to zero. 
Further, where quotations are sought on an asset package, such asset package may contain assets which 
are hard to value and for which a valuation methodology may not be readily available or suitable, which 
may reduce the value of quotations or the availability of quotations that may otherwise have been 
obtained. Accordingly, investors should note that any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower 
than the value of the relevant obligation (or asset package) which would be determined by reference to 
(for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled 
the disposition of the obligations. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery Redemption may be subject to a fixed recovery 
price 
If "Fixed Recovery Redemption" or "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption" applies to Credit Linked Notes 
and the Credit Event Redemption Amount of the Credit Linked Notes is calculated by reference to a 
fixed recovery price of the obligations of a Reference Entity(ies), the occurrence of a Credit Event or a

--- Page 256 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
256 
 
Risk Event, as applicable, may result in the recovery being materially lower than the prevailing price of 
the relevant obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. Investors should note that redemption could 
occur with a Fixed Recovery Percentage set at zero per cent. where the Issue Terms specify accordingly.  
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the occurrence of the Cash Redemption 
Date or the Final Cash Redemption Date, the LA Cash Redemption Date or Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to redeem the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes in full. Investors should be aware that where the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, 
the loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no 
redemption amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Noteholders. Investors accordingly will 
bear the loss of their principal. 
No early redemption or Frustration 
Investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes will not early redeem and no frustration shall occur 
solely because the Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date 
or Issue Date or Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or 
cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date or Issue Date. Accordingly, investors should conduct their 
own investigation as to the existence of a Reference Entity and/or relevant obligations prior to the 
purchase of the Credit Linked Notes to ensure that the exposure to the particular Reference Entity is 
within the contemplated objectives of the investor.  
Merger Events and Early Redemption in certain circumstances 
If "Redemption following Merger" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes (other than Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes) may be redeemed earlier by the Issuer where it or the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or 
transfers all or substantially all of its respective assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, 
or the Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. Accordingly, a Merger Event will result in the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full or in part at the Merger Redemption Amount. 
If a Reference Obligation is fully redeemed with respect to a Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit 
Linked Notes in respect of a Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies, investors 
should note that the relevant Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed in part or in full at the Substitution 
Event Redemption Amount. In addition, where "2003 Reference Entity" applies only, if certain other 
substitution events occur with respect to the relevant Reference Obligations (such as the Reference 
Obligation ceasing to be an obligation of the Reference Entity) and the Calculation Agent fails to identify 
a Substitute Reference Obligation by the Extension Date, then where such Reference Obligations is the 
only Deliverable Obligation, the relevant Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed in part or in full at the 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount. 
If the Credit Linked Notes are so redeemed early in the circumstances described above, the Issuer will 
pay to investors, as holder of such Notes, an amount specified in the General Conditions or the Credit 
Linked Conditions or such other amount (or method for calculating the amount) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. There is no guarantee that the amount repaid to any investor will be equal to or 
higher than the initial investment in the relevant Credit Linked Notes and such amount may be 
substantially less than such initial investment.

--- Page 257 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
257 
 
Relevant Credit Events and Relevant Risk Events disregarded 
Where a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, occurs immediately after an 
event triggering early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event 
or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, will be disregarded (to the extent that the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes have not already been redeemed in full and cancelled) and the Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or the Substitution Event Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, payable to Noteholders will be determined on the basis of the event triggering early 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes only. 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes  
Risk Events 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes may be 
redeemed pursuant to the occurrence of any Credit Event or an Additional Risk Event (together, the 
"Risk Events") in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, in either case, unless the Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are fixed recovery, on 
the value of certain specified assets of any such Reference Entities or where, if any of such events has 
occurred, on settlement the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets. Any such settlement 
will be reduced to take into account any Unwind Costs and so will depend upon the level of such Unwind 
Costs. 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes to the extent that such events apply in the applicable Issue Terms. Prospective investors should 
note that not all possible Additional Risk Events are related directly to default or credit risk in respect of 
a Reference Entity or default in respect of the Reference Investor Assets and such Additional Risk Events 
may include, without limitation, the occurrence of one or more of the following: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any 
event or condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or of 
prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert 
currency; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to 
residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate 
any funds from accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference 
Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full 
value of any cash payment made under the Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction 
after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental Authority of a new currency 
regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or the imposition of currency 
exchange limitations; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or 
impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability 
of, any Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner 
of any Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof; 
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event - (i) the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
the bankruptcy of any Custodian or (ii) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets owned by a 
Reference Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (A) fails to perform 
in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed under any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement, or (B) fails to take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor,

--- Page 258 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
258 
 
or (C) takes any action which is contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement; in each case that affects or may affect, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the 
Issuer's obligations with respect to the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note(s) or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note(s); 
(d) 
a Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event – in respect of Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes only, the delivery after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of a notification from 
the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and absolute discretion) to the Issuer that it has 
determined that the weighted average of the Reference Assets Liquidation Value of the 
Reference Assets of each Reference Entity then comprising the Reference Registry is equal to 
or less than the Reference Assets Trigger Level of the aggregate Settlement Currency Principal 
Amount of all Reference Assets; 
(e) 
a Non-Viability Trigger Event – the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
such event as defined under and occurring pursuant to the terms of the Reference Assets 
Conditions relating to the relevant Reference Asset (including (i) any relevant authority having 
decided that without a conversion or write-off with respect to the Reference Entity, the 
Reference Entity would become non-viable; (ii) any relevant authority having decided that a 
public sector injection of capital or equivalent support is necessary with respect to the Reference 
Entity, without which the Reference Entity would become non-viable; (iii) any relevant capital 
adequacy ratio with respect to the Reference Entity falling below the relevant percentage and/or 
threshold prescribed in the Reference Assets Conditions and/or (iv) any other events (however 
described) which are similar in nature to the events described in (i) to (iii)), provided that the 
Calculation Agent may determine any such event under and occurring pursuant to the terms of 
the Reference Assets Conditions relating to such Reference Assets and/or the Reference Entity 
constitutes a Non-Viability Trigger Event; 
(f) 
a Market Value Trigger Event – the delivery after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of a 
notification from the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and absolute discretion) to the Issuer 
that it has determined that on any Business Day the Fair Market Value of the Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, 
is equal to, or less than, the Market Value Trigger Level of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of such Credit Linked Notes on such date;  
(g) 
a Reference Assets Restructuring Event – the cancellation, reduction, suspension or deferral (in 
whole or in part) after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any interest, dividend or any 
other form of distribution in respect of the Reference Assets underlying the Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, on the 
due date for payment thereof (whether under the Reference Assets Conditions or otherwise) or, 
in respect of such Reference Assets, a reduction in its rate of interest, dividend or distribution 
from the rate of interest, divided or distribution applicable to such Reference Assets on the Issue 
Date, in each case for any reason whatsoever; and 
(h) 
any other Additional Risk Event specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.   
The loss incurred by an Investor may be unrelated to or disproportionate in comparison with the 
Additional Risk Event itself. Moreover, the Calculation Agent may designate an Additional Risk Event, 
which could cause such losses to be incurred by an Investor, if the Additional Risk Event occurs at any 
time during the term of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, whether or not the Additional Risk Event is ongoing or effective or has been 
remedied or cured at the time such designation has been made.

--- Page 259 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
259 
 
Exposure to Reference Asset 
In respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes for which Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, following a Risk Event, the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed by valuation or delivery (as applicable) of the Reference 
Asset in respect of a Reference Entity (rather than obligations of the relevant Reference Entity generally). 
It follows therefore that returns on such Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes may be adversely affected by circumstances affecting the Reference Asset 
even where other obligations of the Reference Entity are not affected. The creditworthiness or market 
value of the relevant Reference Asset may be less favourable than other obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity due to liquidity, marketability, circumstances of origination, legal or validity risks, local 
access risks described below, or one or more other characteristics. Investors in the Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes should understand that their 
recovery in relation to the relevant Reference Asset may be substantially less than for more generally 
representative obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Currency Risks 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes may be 
payable in a currency different from the currency in which a Reference Asset is payable, and may have 
economic features equivalent to a currency derivative in which the cash flows on such Reference Asset 
are exchanged for the specified cash flows payable on the Notes.  
Investors may therefore be exposed to fluctuations in the relevant exchange rate where ongoing 
calculations under the Notes include a currency exchange rate or due to Unwind Costs which may be 
deducted on certain redemptions of the Notes (for example following a Risk Event) and which may 
include one or more components linked to the currency of the Notes and/or a Reference Asset and/or the 
costs of termination or replacement of any such embedded currency derivative and may be substantially 
affected by changes in the relative value of such currencies. 
Exchange rates can be volatile and unpredictable. Investors should be aware of the possibility of 
significant changes in rates of exchange between the currency of the Notes and the currency of a 
Reference Asset. The value of the Notes on any date may be substantially less than would otherwise be 
the case if a currency exchange rate is included in ongoing calculations under the Notes and the currency 
in which a Reference Asset is payable depreciates in value relative to the currency in which the Notes 
are payable or, if the Notes reflect an embedded currency derivative and the currency in which a 
Reference Asset is payable appreciates in value relative to the currency in which the Notes are payable 
(due to the potential deduction of Unwind Costs, which may be substantial, if the Notes are redeemed).  
Prospective investors should in particular be aware that, due to exchange rate fluctuations as well as the 
other risks set out herein and depending upon the terms of the Notes: 
(a) 
the market price of the Notes may be very volatile; 
(b) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(c) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal and/or interest payments;  
(d) 
the relevant currencies may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; and

--- Page 260 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
260 
 
(e) 
the timing of changes in a relevant currency may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations.  
In general, the earlier the change in the relevant currency, the greater the effect on yield. 
Index Skew Notes 
The Index Skew Notes are linked, through a Hypothetical Skew Transaction constituting a combination 
of (i) an index linked credit derivative transaction ("Index CDS") and (ii) individual credit default swaps 
on the Reference Entities included in the index underlying the Index CDS (the "component CDSs"). 
Where the Issuer is the protection seller under the Index CDS it is the protection buyer under the 
component CDSs, and vice versa. The value of the combined positions reflects the difference (the 
"skew") between the value of the Index CDS and the aggregate value of its component CDSs. Although 
each constituent of the Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to give rise to an equal and opposite 
payment obligation on each Fixed Rate Payer Payment Date, Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement 
Date (as applicable), no actual payments will be due from the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty or vice versa due to the application of payment netting.  
The value of an Index CDS may differ from the aggregate value of its component CDSs for several 
reasons, including (a) differences in liquidity and other characteristics in the markets for the Index CDS 
and the component CDSs; (b) differences in relevant terms of the Index CDS and its component CDSs; 
(c) factors that affect the activities of arbitrageurs; and (d) changes in the default correlation among the 
Reference Entities included in the Index CDS. 
As the notional of the Hypothetical Skew Transactions may be far greater than the principal amount 
issued under the Index Skew Notes, the value of the Index Skew Notes may be very volatile and any 
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount will be linked to, among other things, the difference between the 
pricing of credit protection on the relevant index and the market levels of the constituent single name 
Reference Entities that comprise the relevant index.  
Liquidity differences may make a greater contribution to skew during periods of heightened volatility, 
as the value of the more liquid instrument(s) may change more quickly than the value of the less liquid 
instrument(s). Furthermore, during periods when transaction costs (such as funding costs and bid-ask 
spreads) to market participants increase, skew may become greater, as the increased transaction costs 
may reduce the activities of arbitrageurs (i.e. market participants that seek to profit from the skew and, 
in the process, tend to reduce it). 
Although the payments under a Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to the 
application of payment netting as described above, if the Index Skew Notes were to be redeemed early 
(including pursuant to an Early Redemption Event such as a Section 871(m) Event or a Hedging 
Disruption Early Termination Event), a termination payment would be determined in respect of each 
constituent transaction within the relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions and the aggregate of such 
termination payments may result in an amount being payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty or by the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty to the Issuer which could result in the Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount (as the case may be) due to Noteholders being 
reduced further if the Issuer is required to make a payment to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty for 
such termination payment or if the Issuer is subject to further Unwind Costs. 
In addition, prospective investors in the Index Skew Notes should be aware that no notifications shall be 
given by the Issuer or any other party to Noteholders following the occurrence of a Credit Event. To the 
extent that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that a Credit Event has 
occurred in respect of a particular entity, information will be published on the Credit Derivatives

--- Page 261 ---
Description of the Return on the Notes 
 
261 
 
Determinations Committees website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor 
website). 
DIR Inflation Linked Redemption 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the redemption amount payable in respect of the Notes is 
the DIR Inflation Linked Redemption Amount, the redemption amount due in respect of each Note on 
the Maturity Date shall be determined by reference to movements in the applicable inflation index. 
Lock-in Redemption Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Notes are Lock-in Redemption Notes, the redemption 
amount due in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date shall be determined by reference to the 
applicable FX rate. 
Rate Linked Redemption Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Notes are Rate Linked Redemption Notes, the 
redemption amount due in respect of each Note on the Maturity Date shall be determined by reference 
to the applicable rate(s). 
Interest Linked Redemption Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Notes are the Interest Linked Redemption Notes, the 
redemption amount due in respect of the Notes on the Maturity Date shall be the sum of (i) the principal 
amount of the Notes plus (ii) the sum of all the Interest Amounts determined in respect of the Notes 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero).

--- Page 262 ---
General Information relating to the Issue of Notes under this Base Prospectus 
 
262 
 
SECTION G.2 – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF 
NOTES UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
1. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes to be admitted to trading on 'Euronext 
Dublin's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List. Euronext Dublin's regulated 
market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes to be listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on 
or prior to the date of issue of any Notes or at all. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application may be made for Notes to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the MoT or any other relevant market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A., but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of 
issue of any Notes or at all. The MoT is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II 
Application may be made for the Notes to be listed on the official list and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) but there can 
be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Notes, as 
the case may be, or at all. The Frankfurt Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes to be admitted to the Official List and 
to trading on Euronext Dublin's Global Exchange Market. Euronext Dublin's Global Exchange 
Market is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes to be admitted to the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Euro MTF Market. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange has approved this Base Prospectus in relation to the Exempt 
Securities to be listed on the Euro MTF Market. The Euro MTF Market is not a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II. This Base Prospectus in relation to Exempt Notes, constitutes a 
prospectus for the purposes of Part IV of the Luxembourg Law on prospectuses for securities 
dated 16 July 2019. 
Application may also be made for Notes to be admitted to trading (i) on the SeDeX and/or (ii) 
on EuroTLX but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the 
date of issue of any Notes, as the case may be, or at all. SeDeX and EuroTLX are not regulated 
markets for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application may also be made for the Notes to be listed to the official list and admitted to trading 
on the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur 
on or prior to the date of issue of any Notes, as the case may be, or at all. The Open Market 
(Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
AG) is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application may also be made to the Vienna Stock Exchange for Notes to be listed on the 
Vienna Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Vienna MTF, but there can be no

--- Page 263 ---
General Information relating to the Issue of Notes under this Base Prospectus 
 
263 
 
assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Notes, as the 
case may be, or at all. The Vienna MTF is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an issue of Notes may or may not be listed or 
admitted to trading, as the case may be, on Euronext Dublin and/or the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or the Italian Stock Exchange and/or the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and/or the 
Vienna Stock Exchange and/or any other stock exchange or market as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
2. 
Notes have been accepted for clearance and settlement through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium, the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 
10041, United States. 
The Issuer may make an application for any Notes issued by it in registered form to be accepted 
for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The Common Code or CUSIP, as applicable and the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for each Tranche of Notes will be set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
3. 
The Issuer may make an application for clearance of Notes through Euroclear Sweden, 
Euroclear Finland and Euroclear France. The address of Euroclear Sweden is Euroclear Sweden 
AB, Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, the address of Euroclear Finland is Euroclear Finland 
Ltd., Visiting Address, Urho Kekkosen katu 5C, PO Box 1110 00101 Helsinki, Finland and the 
address of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris. 
4. 
None of the Issuers and Guarantors will provide any post issuance information, except if 
required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
5. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of each of the Issuers is as follows: 
Citigroup Inc.: 6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.: 82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.: 549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53 
6. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of each of the Guarantors is as follows: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited (i.e. the CGMFL Guarantor): XKZZ2JZF41MRHTR1V493 
Citigroup Inc. (i.e. the CGMHI Guarantor): 6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395 
7. 
Information relating to the past and future performance and volatility of any relevant Underlying 
is available from internationally recognised published or electronically displayed sources, 
including the relevant Electronic Page specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
8. 
Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Notes or CMS Interest 
Linked Notes is available from internationally recognised published or electronically displayed 
sources, including the Page or, as the case may be, page referred to in the applicable Floating 
Rate Option (or any relevant Electronic Page), in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 264 ---
Issue of Notes 
 
264 
 
SECTION G.3 – ISSUE OF NOTES 
 Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a "Series"). The Notes of each Series are 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
Each Series of Notes may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") having different issue dates but the 
terms otherwise identical to other Tranches constituting such series (or identical other than in respect of 
the first payment of interest). 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Issue Terms. 
NOTES WITH OFFER PERIODS ENDING PRIOR TO THE EXPIRY OF VALIDITY OF THE 
JULY 2023 CGMFL RATES BASE PROSPECTUS BUT ISSUING UNDER THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
The Offer Period (as defined in the applicable Final Terms) of the July 2023 Base Prospectus Public 
Offer Notes (as defined below) ended prior to the cessation of validity of the July 2023 CGMFL Rates 
Base Prospectus (as defined in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Information relating to the 
CGMFL Base Prospectus"), but the admission to trading of the July 2023 Base Prospectus Securities 
will be made pursuant to this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions of the notes from the July 2023 
CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus or such other base prospectus as is specified in the Final Terms (and in 
each case which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) will continue to apply to the 
July 2023 Base Prospectus Notes. The Final Terms in respect of the July 2023 Base Prospectus Public 
Offer Notes are available at the website(s) specified therein. 
Investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for the July 2023 Base Prospectus Public 
Offer Notes during the validity period of the July 2023 CGMFL Rates Base Prospectus and before this 
Base Prospectus was published, shall have a right, exercisable within two working days after the 
publication of this Base Prospectus, ending on 9 July 2024, to withdraw their acceptances, unless the 
July 2023 Base Prospectus Public Offer Notes have already been delivered to them. In order to exercise 
such withdrawal right, investors may contact the relevant Authorised Offeror. 
For the purposes hereof, July 2023 Base Prospectus Public Offer Notes means: 
 
Name of the July 2023 Base Prospectus Public 
Offer Notes 
ISIN 
Issue of up to USD 20,000,000 Callable Fixed 
Rate Notes, due July 2027 
XS2795556278

--- Page 265 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
265 
 
SECTION G.4 – FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
Subject as provided below in relation to Swedish Notes, Finnish Notes and French Law Notes, the Notes 
of each Series will be in registered form. Registered Notes may be offered and sold either outside the 
United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") 
or, in the case of Registered Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI, within the United States to QIBs 
(as defined below) in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A"). 
Notes (that are not Swedish Notes, Finnish Notes or French Law Notes) and are Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold 
in offshore transactions to persons that are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) outside the 
United States, will be represented by a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate (a "Regulation 
S Global Registered Note Certificate"). Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Registered Note 
Certificate may not be offered, sold or transferred at any time in the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, a U.S. person and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Notes only, Eurclear France) and such Regulation S Global 
Registered Note Certificate will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in 
the Register. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, which will be issued 
by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI, may only be offered and sold in private transactions to "qualified 
institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A ("QIBs"). The Registered Notes of each Tranche 
sold to QIBs will be represented by a Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate (a "Rule 144A 
Global Registered Note Certificate" and, together with a Regulation S Global Registered Note 
Certificate, the "Global Registered Note Certificates"), and beneficial interests therein may not be 
offered, sold or otherwise transferred at any time except to a QIB purchasing (or holding) the Notes for 
its account or for the account of one or more QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A. 
Global Registered Note Certificates will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of, the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") for the accounts of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Global Registered 
Note Certificate is to be held under the new safekeeping structure (the "NSS") a common safekeeper (the 
"Common Safekeeper"), as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and 
registered in the name of a common nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Global Registered Note Certificates will be entitled or 
required, as the case may be, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Global Registered Note Certificate issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held 
under the NSS, the applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether or not such Global Registered Note 
Certificate is intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication 
that the Global Registered Note Certificate are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for 
a Global Registered Note Certificate held under the NSS will be either Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 266 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
266 
 
The Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set 
forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Swedish Notes 
Swedish Notes will be issued in dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form in accordance with 
the Swedish Act on Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts (Sw. lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) (the "SFIA Act"), 
other applicable Swedish legislation and the rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, 
Euroclear Sweden. Swedish Notes will not be issued in definitive or global form. 
Swedish Notes will be registered in a register kept by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer (the 
"Swedish Securities Register") and payments of principal, interest or any other amounts on Swedish 
Notes will be made by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer to the persons registered as holders of 
such Swedish Notes in the Swedish Securities Register on the fifth Stockholm Banking Day prior to the 
due date of the relevant payment. 
Finnish Notes 
Finnish Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with the 
Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and with the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts, (Fin. 
laki arvo osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended)) other applicable Finnish legislation and the rules and 
regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Finland. Finnish Notes will not be issued in 
definitive form. 
French Law Notes 
French Law Notes will be issued in dematerialised form. French Law Notes must at all times be in book-
entry form in compliance with Articles L.211–3 and R.211–1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
French Law Notes shall constitute "obligations" within the meaning of Article L.213–5 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. 
No global or definitive French Law Notes will be issued. The French Law Notes will be transferable only 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France. 
French Law Notes may be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either: (i) bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France which shall credit the accounts of an 
accountholder (being any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts directly 
or indirectly on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France) (the "Euroclear France 
Accountholder"); or (ii) in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, at the option of the 
Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a 
Euroclear France Accountholder (and mirroring the inscriptions in the books maintained by the Issuer or 
the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, if applicable) or in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account held by Euroclear France and in the books 
maintained by the Issuer (or the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, 
if applicable). 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the applicable Issue Terms and to the extent permitted by 
applicable French law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central securities depositary 
identification information of Noteholders of French Law Notes the name or the company name, 
nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, email address 
of such Noteholders.

--- Page 267 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
267 
 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Notes only, Euroclear 
France), each person (other than Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear France) who is for 
the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of French 
Cleared Notes only, Euroclear France) as the holder of a particular principal amount of such Notes (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in 
the case of French Cleared Notes only, Euroclear France) as to the principal amount of such Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the 
CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and the Agents as the holder of such principal amount 
of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
principal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the registered holder of the relevant Global Registered 
Note Certificate shall be treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the 
CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and each Agent as the holder of such principal amount 
of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Registered Note 
Certificate and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a Global Registered Note Certificate, 
DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes 
represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate for all purposes under the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement and such Notes except to the extent that, in accordance with DTC's published rules and 
procedures, any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through 
participants. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Notes only, Euroclear France), as the case 
may be, subject to the restrictions on transfer described herein. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Notes only, Euroclear 
France) as the beneficial holder of a particular principal amount of Notes represented by such Global 
Registered Note Certificate must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (or in the 
case of French Cleared Notes only, Euroclear France), as the case may be, for his share of each payment 
made by the Issuer, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, 
the CGMFL Guarantor to the holder of such Global Registered Note Certificate and the obligations of 
the Issuer in respect thereof will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Registered Note 
Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. 
Exchanges 
Exchange of Global Registered Note Certificates 
A Global Registered Note Certificate may be exchanged in whole but not in part (free of charge) for 
definitive Registered Note Certificates only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
An "Exchange Event" means: 
(a) 
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; or 
(b) 
if the Global Registered Note Certificate is registered in the name of a nominee for a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the

--- Page 268 ---
Form of the Notes 
 
268 
 
Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, the Issuer has been notified that Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, has/have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
has/have announced an intention permanently to cease business or has/have in fact done so and 
no successor clearing system is available; or 
(c) 
if the Global Registered Note Certificate is registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either 
DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the 
Notes and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing 
agency registered under the Exchange Act and no successor clearing system is available; or 
(d) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Notes represented by the Registered Note Certificate in definitive form. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in paragraphs (a) to (c) above, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or DTC, as the case may be, acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Global Registered Note Certificate may give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in paragraphs 
(a) to (d) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any exchange 
shall occur no later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Any exchanges of a Global Registered Note Certificate will be made upon presentation of the Global 
Registered Note Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar by the holder of it on any day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in the city of the specified 
office of the Registrar. 
Deeds of Covenant in respect of English Law Notes (other than Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes) 
In relation to English Law Notes (other than Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes), where any Note is 
represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate and (a) the Global Registered Note Certificate (or 
any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Notes or the 
Maturity Date has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount due has not been made to 
the holder of an interest in such Global Registered Note Certificate through the relevant Clearing 
System(s) on such date, or (b) following an Exchange Event, the Global Registered Note Certificate is 
not duly exchanged for Registered Note Certificates in definitive form by the date provided in the Global 
Registered Note Certificate, then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such date each holder of an interest 
in such Global Registered Note Certificate through the relevant Clearing System(s) will become entitled 
to proceed directly against the Issuer on, and subject to, the terms of the relevant Deed of Covenant, the 
relevant registered holder will have no further rights under the Global Registered Note Certificate (but 
without prejudice to the rights any person may have under the relevant Deed of Covenant). 
Clearing Systems 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, Euroclear Sweden, Euroclear 
Finland and/or Eurclear France shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative clearance system specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 269 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
269 
 
SECTION G.5 – BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear Sweden, Euroclear Finland 
or Euroclear France (together, the "Clearing Systems") currently in effect. 
The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the 
Issuers believe to be reliable, but none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the 
CGMFL Guarantor and any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof, except that the 
Issuers and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the 
Issuer is CGMFL) accept responsibility for accurately reproducing such information and, as far as the 
Issuers and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the 
Issuer is CGMFL) is/are aware and is/are able to ascertain from information published by the relevant 
Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.  
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, and any other party to the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Swedish Agency Agreement or the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agency Agreement, as the case may be, will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held 
through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuers that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member 
of the Federal Reserve System, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934. DTC holds securities that its participants ("Direct Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC 
also facilitates the settlement among Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions, such 
as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in 
Direct Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities 
certificates. Direct Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, 
trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation ("DTCC"). DTCC is the holding company 
for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which 
are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulation subsidiaries. Access to the 
DTC system is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies 
that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or 
indirectly ("Indirect Participants" and, together with Direct Participants, "Participants"). More 
information about DTCC can be found at www.dtcc.com. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "DTC 
Rules"), DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose 
behalf it acts with respect to Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC Notes") as

--- Page 270 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
270 
 
described below and receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The 
DTC Rules are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect 
Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Notes ("Owners") have accounts with respect to the 
DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments 
on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct 
Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the 
requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments 
and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which 
will receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser 
of each DTC Note ("Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct Participant's and Indirect 
Participant's records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their 
purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the 
transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct Participant or Indirect 
Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership 
interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting 
on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their 
ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC 
Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in 
the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co, or such other name as may be requested by an 
authorised representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name 
of Cede & Co. or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no 
knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of 
the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the 
Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on 
behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants 
to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in 
such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC 
Notes unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC's MMI Procedures. Under its 
usual procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. 
The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to 
whose accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the 
Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee 
as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC's practice is to credit Direct 
Participants' accounts upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer 
or the relevant agent (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of 
DTC), on the relevant payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown in DTC's records. 
Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility

--- Page 271 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
271 
 
of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as 
may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the 
Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and 
disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct Participants and 
Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, DTC will exchange the DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which 
it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their proportionate entitlements and which will be 
legended as set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Notes purchased or tendered, through its 
Participant, to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Notes by causing the Direct 
Participant to transfer the Participant's interest in the DTC Notes, on DTC's records, to the relevant agent. 
The requirement for physical delivery of DTC Notes in connection with an optional tender or a 
mandatory purchase will be deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the DTC Notes are transferred 
by Direct Participants on DTC's records and followed by a book-entry credit of tendered DTC Notes to 
the relevant agent's DTC account. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depositary with respect to the DTC Notes at any time by 
giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the event that 
a successor depositary is not obtained, DTC Note certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a 
successor securities depositary). In that event, DTC Note certificates will be printed and delivered to 
DTC. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in 
DTC, or otherwise take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its 
Registered Notes from DTC as described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective accountholders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities 
lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities 
markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which 
their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
Euroclear Sweden 
Euroclear Sweden is a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies. It is authorised and regulated 
by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) as a central securities 
depository within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central

--- Page 272 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
272 
 
securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
236/2012, the SFIA Act and as a clearing organisation within the meaning of the Swedish Securities 
Market Act (2007:528 (as amended)).  
Swedish Notes will be issued in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form with 
Euroclear Sweden. No physical notes, certificates or other physical instruments (whether in global, 
temporary or definitive form) will be issued in respect of the Swedish Notes. All transactions relating to 
the Swedish Notes (such as issuance, sale and transfer, pledge arrangements and other dispositions and 
redemptions) are executed as computerised book-entry registrations. Consequently, in order to effect 
such entries holders must establish a book-entry account through a credit institution or a securities firm 
acting as an account operator at Euroclear Sweden. More information regarding Euroclear Sweden and 
its 
rules 
and 
operating 
procedures 
can 
be 
found 
at 
its 
internet 
web 
site 
at 
http://www.euroclear.com/sweden/sv.html. 
Euroclear Finland 
Euroclear Finland, a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies, is authorised and regulated as 
a central securities deposit within the meaning of the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing 
Operations (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)). 
Euroclear Finland holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of 
securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between its account holders. Euroclear Finland 
offers clearing and settlement of securities denominated in EUR through one of its systems. The systems 
support different types of securities, equities and interest-bearing cash instruments as well as the 
respective derivatives. Euroclear Finland does not act as a qualified intermediary. 
Euroclear France 
Euroclear France is a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies. It is regulated by The Banque 
de France and the Autorité des Marchés financiers ("AMF") and handles the full range of French 
government and corporate debt securities, global bonds, equities, warrants and investment funds. French 
Law Notes are issued in dematerialised form. French Law Notes must at all times be in book-entry form 
in compliance with Articles L.211–3 and R.211–1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical 
notes, certificates or other physical instruments (whether in global, temporary or definitive form) will be 
issued in respect of the French Law Notes. All transactions relating to the French Law Notes (such as 
issuance, sale and transfer, pledge arrangements and other dispositions and redemptions) are executed as 
computerised book-entry registrations. Consequently, in order to effect such entries holders must 
establish a book-entry account through a credit institution or a securities firm having an account at 
Euroclear France. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered 
Note Certificate accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Global 
Registered Note Certificate, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the 
respective principal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by such Global Registered 
Note Certificate to the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be 
designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Global 
Registered Note Certificate will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect Participants, including, in 
the case of any Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate, the respective depositories of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Global Registered Note Certificate 
accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through,

--- Page 273 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
273 
 
records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the 
records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Global Registered Note Certificate 
accepted by DTC will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. 
In the case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange 
Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions 
received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of 
interests in the Global Registered Note Certificate in the currency in which such payment was made 
and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the 
applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to 
believe that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by 
Participants to beneficial owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility 
of such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer 
is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or any Agent. Payment of principal, 
premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Global Registered Note Certificates 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate within Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Notes only, Euroclear France) 
will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing 
system and will be subject to the transfer restrictions described herein. The laws in some States within 
the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. 
Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate to such 
persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, 
because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf 
of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Notes represented by a Global 
Registered Note Certificate accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not 
participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the 
ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of Notes represented 
by a Global Registered Note Certificate accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such 
Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through 
a Direct Participant or Indirect Participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on 
the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders, 
on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through 
action taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any custodian with whom the relevant Global 
Registered Note Certificates have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between 
accountholders in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and transfers of Notes of such Series between 
participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). 
The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
On or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of any Series, transfers of French Cleared Notes of such 
Series between accountholders in Euroclear France will generally have a settlement date two business

--- Page 274 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
274 
 
days after the trade date (T+2) in the case of transactions conducted on trading venues. The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Notes only, 
Euroclear France) have each published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate transfers of 
beneficial interests in Global Registered Note Certificates among participants and accountholders of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Notes only, 
Euroclear France). However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such 
procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of Citigroup Inc., 
CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor the Agents and any Dealer will be 
responsible for any performance by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (or in the case of 
French Cleared Notes only, Euroclear France) or their Direct Participants or Indirect Participants or 
accountholders of their obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations nor will 
any of them have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of 
beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Global Registered Note Certificates or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests. 
Euroclear UK and Ireland (CREST) 
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, indirect interests in Notes will be accepted for settlement 
through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) ("CREST"). 
Following their delivery into a clearing system, interests in the relevant Notes may be delivered, held 
and settled in CREST by means of the creation of CREST Depository Interests ("CDIs") representing 
the interests in the relevant Notes. The CDIs will be issued by the CREST Depository Limited (the 
"CREST Depository") to investors ("CDI Holders") pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 
2001 (as subsequently modified, supplemented and/or restated) (the "CREST Deed Poll") and will be 
governed by English Law. 
The CDIs will represent indirect interests in the interest of CREST International Nominees Limited or 
any other body appointed to act as nominee on behalf of the CREST Depository (the "CREST 
Nominee") in the relevant Notes. Pursuant to the documents setting out the legal relationship of CREST 
with its users and Participants (the "CREST Manual"), Notes held in global form by a common 
depositary may be settled through CREST, and the CREST Depository will issue CDIs. The CDIs will 
be independent securities, constituted under English law which may be held and transferred through 
CREST. 
Interests in the relevant Notes will be credited to the CREST Nominee's account with Euroclear and the 
CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue CDIs 
to the relevant CREST participants. 
Each CDI will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were a relevant Note, for the purposes of 
determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof. The CREST Depository 
will pass on to CDI Holders any interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the relevant Notes 
on trust for such CDI Holder. CDI Holders will also be able to receive from the CREST Depository 
notices of meetings of holders of the relevant Notes and other relevant notices issued by the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL). 
Transfers of interests in Notes by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected by cancellation of the CDIs and transfer of an interest in such Notes to the 
account of the relevant participant with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 275 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
275 
 
The CDIs will have the same ISIN as the ISIN of the relevant Notes and if listed do not require a separate 
listing. 
Prospective subscribers for Notes represented by CDIs are referred to Chapter 8 of the CREST 
International Manual which contains the form of the CREST Global Deed Poll (to be entered into by the 
CREST Depository. The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the arrangements between 
CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) including the CREST Deed Poll (in 
the form contained in Chapter 8 of the CREST International Manual (as defined below)) executed by the 
CREST Depository. These rights may be different from those of holders of Notes which are not 
represented by CDIs. 
CDIs will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST International Settlement 
Links Service (the "CREST International Settlement Links Service"). The settlement of the CDIs by 
means of the CREST International Settlement Links Service has the following consequences for CDI 
Holders: 
(a) 
CDI Holders will not be the legal owners of the relevant Notes. The CDIs are separate legal 
instruments from such Notes and represent an indirect interest in such Notes. 
(b) 
The relevant Notes themselves (as distinct from the CDIs representing indirect interests in such 
Notes) will be held in account with a custodian. The custodian will hold the relevant Notes 
through a clearing system. Rights in the relevant Notes will be held through custodial and 
depository links through the appropriate clearing systems. The legal title to the relevant Notes 
or to interests in such Notes will depend on the rules of the clearing system in or through which 
the relevant Notes are held. 
(c) 
Rights under the relevant Notes cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly through 
the intermediary depositories and custodians described above. The enforcement of rights under 
the relevant Notes will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant intermediary. The 
rights of CDI Holders to the relevant Notes are represented by the entitlements against the 
CREST Depository which (through the CREST Nominee) holds interests in the relevant Notes. 
This could result in an elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise would have been 
made in respect of the relevant Notes in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant 
intermediary, in particular where the relevant Notes held in clearing systems are not held in 
special purpose accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same accounts on 
behalf of other customers of the relevant intermediaries. 
(d) 
The CDIs issued to CDI Holders will be constituted and issued pursuant to the CREST Deed 
Poll. CDI Holders will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions 
of, or prescribed pursuant to, the CREST International Manual dated 8 December 2020 as 
amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time (the "CREST International 
Manual") and the CREST Rules dated 15 January 2021, as amended, modified, varied or 
supplemented from time to time (the "CREST Rules") (which, in each case, form part of the 
CREST Manual) applicable to the CREST International Settlement Links Service and CDI 
Holders must comply in full with all obligations imposed on them by such provisions. 
(e) 
Potential investors should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST 
International Manual and the CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and 
undertakings to be given by CDI Holders and limitations on the liability of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) and the CREST Depository.

--- Page 276 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
276 
 
(f) 
CDI Holders may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, 
representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. The attention of 
potential investors is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST International 
Manual and the CREST Rules, copies of which are available from CREST at 33 Cannon Street, 
London EC4M 5SB or by calling +44 (0)20 7849 0000 or from the CREST website at 
www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI. 
(g) 
Potential investors should note CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and 
expenses to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service. These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST 
Depository in respect of the provision of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any 
taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be or become payable in connection with 
the holding of the CDIs through the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
(h) 
Potential investors should note that none of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer 
is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL), any Dealer, any distributor, 
any Paying Agent, the Registrar and any Transfer Agent will have any responsibility for the 
performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or 
accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations.

--- Page 277 ---
ERISA Matters 
 
277 
 
SECTION G.6 – ERISA MATTERS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), prescribes rules 
pertaining to the management of "plan assets" of pension and other employee benefit plans subject to 
ERISA ("ERISA Plans") and the appointment of parties who may manage such assets. Section 406 of 
ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit ERISA Plans, as well as those plans and other 
arrangements that are not subject to ERISA but that are subject to Section 4975 of the Code, such as 
individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans (together with ERISA Plans, "Plans"), and certain 
entities in which Plans invest, from engaging in certain transactions involving "plan assets" with persons 
who are "parties in interest" under ERISA or "disqualified persons" under Section 4975 of the Code with 
respect to such Plans. 
The rules and regulations applicable under ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code contain certain "look-
through" provisions. Under these provisions, if a Plan invests in an equity interest of an entity, the assets 
of the Plan will be deemed to include not only the equity interest but also an undivided interest in each 
of the underlying assets of the entity, unless an exception to the look-through rule were to apply. An 
"equity interest" is defined under the applicable rules as any interest in an entity other than an instrument 
treated as indebtedness under applicable local law that has no substantial equity features. No assurance 
can be given that the Notes will not be treated as equity interests for these purposes. The look-through 
rule would not apply if the Notes or the Issuer qualified for an exception available under the rule. If a 
Plan were to acquire an interest in the Notes, and no exception to the look-through rule were to apply, 
the Issuer could be regarded as a plan asset entity and its assets and transactions could be attributed to 
the Plan investor. In this event, the Plan investor could be viewed as having improperly delegated to the 
Issuer responsibility for the management of the Plan's assets, and the transactions and holdings of the 
Issuer might result in violations of the prohibited transaction rules of ERISA and Section 4975 of the 
Code, as well as violations of other rules applicable under ERISA. 
In addition, certain governmental plans, church plans and non-U.S. plans ("Non-ERISA 
Arrangements") are not subject to such provisions of ERISA or the Code, but may be subject to similar 
rules under other applicable laws or regulations. 
Based on the foregoing, the Notes may not be acquired or held by a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement 
or any party acting on behalf of or using the assets of a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement. Any purchaser 
or subsequent transferee of the Notes or any interest therein will be deemed to have represented by its 
purchase or holding of the Notes or any interest therein that it is not a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement 
and is not acting on behalf of or using the assets of a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement.

--- Page 278 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
278 
 
SECTION G.7 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in an amended and restated Dealership Agreement dated 
14 December 2023, (as further amended, supplemented and/or restated, the "Dealership Agreement") 
between, inter alia, Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, 
the Arranger and the Dealers (as defined in the Dealership Agreement), the Notes will be offered on a 
continuous basis by the Issuer to the Dealers. However, each Issuer reserves the right to sell Notes 
directly on its own behalf to other entities and to offer Notes in specified jurisdictions directly to the 
public through distributors, in accordance with all applicable rules and regulations. Notes may be resold 
at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the 
Issuer or the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as 
agent of the Issuer. The Dealership Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated 
Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMFL) have agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with 
the offer and sale of the Notes issued by such Issuer, including in relation to liabilities arising under the 
Securities Act. The Dealership Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers and the 
Arranger or any of them by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL 
Guarantor or, in relation to itself and Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the 
CGMFL Guarantor, by any Dealer or the Arranger, at any time on giving not less than ten days' notice. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes are advised to consult legal counsel prior 
to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. 
Each purchaser of Notes or any beneficial interest therein, by its acquisition or acceptance thereof, will 
be deemed to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined 
in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
(a) in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL and offered and sold in 
reliance on Regulation S, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that such purchaser is 
outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; or (b) in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup 
Inc. or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, that such purchaser is a "qualified institutional buyer" (a "QIB"), purchasing (or 
holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and it is aware 
that the offer and sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; 
(ii) 
that the Notes and, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or, where the 
Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee are being offered and sold in a transaction 
not involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, 
and that the Notes, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee have 
not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. State securities laws 
and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below with respect to Notes issued 
by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A; 
(iii) 
(a) in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL and offered and sold in 
reliance on Regulation S, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that such purchaser will 
not re-sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time

--- Page 279 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
279 
 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person, other than the 
Issuer or any affiliate thereof; and (b) in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that 
such purchaser will not re-sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interest 
therein at any time other than to (1) the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (2) a person it reasonably 
believes is a QIB purchasing (or holding) for its own account or for the account of one or more 
QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of the States of the United States and any other jurisdiction; 
(iv) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes or any 
beneficial interest therein from it of the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (iii) above; 
(v) 
that Notes offered and sold in the United States to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A will be 
represented by one or more Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificates, and that Notes 
offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S will 
be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificates; 
(vi) 
it is not, and its purchase and holding of the Notes is not made on behalf of or with "plan assets" 
of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security 
Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement 
subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or 
an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations 
substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; 
(vii) 
that the Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificates, will bear a legend in substantially the 
following form: 
"[NEITHER] THIS GLOBAL SECURITY [NOR THE CGMHI DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [HAS 
NOT BEEN]** [HAS BEEN]* NOR WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT 
OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS 
ACQUISITION OF AN INTEREST HEREIN, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A 
"QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY AT ANY TIME OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR 
ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF OR (2) TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY 
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS IN A TRANSACTION 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; (C) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS NOT, AND 
ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE NOTES IS NOT MADE ON BEHALF OF OR WITH 
"PLAN ASSETS" OF, AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), A 
PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED ("THE 
CODE") OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT 
TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE; AND (D) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH 
PERSON TO WHOM AN INTEREST IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE

--- Page 280 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
280 
 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. THE NOTES [THE CGMHI DEED OF 
GUARANTEE]* [AND ANY ENTITLEMENT] DO NOT CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE NOT BEEN 
MARKETED AS, CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR 
OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED 
(THE "CEA"), AND TRADING IN THE NOTES HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE U.S. 
COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION PURSUANT TO THE CEA. THE ISSUER 
RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, 
CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER 
TO DETERMINE THAT ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER OF ANY INTEREST HEREIN IS BEING 
MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, THE SECURITIES ACT 
AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE FISCAL AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT 
WITH NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY, GIVEN IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND 
PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE 
INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. ANY HOLDER OF AN INTEREST 
IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
THEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON SUCH HOLDER AND ALL FUTURE 
HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY AND ANY NOTES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF 
IS MADE HEREON)."; 
(viii) 
that the Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificates will bear a legend in substantially the 
following form: 
"[NEITHER] THIS GLOBAL SECURITY [NOR THE CGMHI DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [NOR 
THE CGMFL DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [HAS NOT BEEN]** [HAS BEEN]* NOR WILL BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"SECURITIES ACT") OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY 
STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES, AND MAY NOT AT ANY TIME 
BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS SUCH TERMS 
ARE USED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), OTHER THAN THE ISSUER 
OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, AND PAYMENTS [AND/OR DELIVERIES] ON THE NOTES 
MAY NOT BE MADE TO ANY U.S. PERSON OR ANY PERSON WITHIN THE UNITED STATES. 
CERTIFICATION OF NON-U.S. BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP MAY BE REQUIRED AS A 
CONDITION TO RECEIVING ANY PAYMENTS [AND/OR DELIVERIES]*** ON THE NOTES. 
BY ITS ACQUISITION OF AN INTEREST HEREIN, THE HOLDER REPRESENTS THAT IT IS 
NOT, AND ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE NOTES IS NOT MADE ON BEHALF OF OR 
WITH "PLAN ASSETS" OF, AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), A 
PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED ("THE 
CODE") OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT 
TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE. THE NOTES [THE CGMHI DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [THE 
CGMFL DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [AND ANY ENTITLEMENT]*** DO NOT CONSTITUTE,

--- Page 281 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
281 
 
AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR 
FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. COMMODITY 
EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED (THE CEA) AND TRADING IN THE NOTES HAS NOT BEEN 
APPROVED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION PURSUANT TO 
THE CEA. THE ISSUER RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH 
LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE 
REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER OF ANY 
INTEREST HEREIN IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE FOREGOING 
RESTRICTIONS AND THE SECURITIES ACT."; 
(ix) 
that it has been afforded an opportunity to request from the Issuer (and the CGMHI Guarantor 
or the CGMFL Guarantor, if applicable) and to review all additional information it considers to 
be necessary to verify the accuracy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Issue Terms or otherwise and it has not relied on the Dealers or any person affiliated 
with the Dealers in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its 
investment decision; and 
(x) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or 
more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such 
account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations 
and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
No sale of Notes in the United States in reliance on Rule 144A to any one purchaser will be for less than 
U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) in principal amount and no Note will be issued in 
connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting 
on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign 
currency equivalent) of Registered Notes. 
United States of America  
The Notes, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee have not been and will 
not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. Trading in the Notes has not been 
approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. No issue of Notes may be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except, in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup 
Inc. or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, to "qualified institutional buyers" 
("QIBs"), each purchasing (or holding) for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs, in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with all applicable securities laws 
of the States of the United States and any other jurisdiction. The Notes, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee 
and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale 
of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the United States 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as 
amended. Terms used in this section have the meanings given to them by Regulation S or Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it, its affiliates (if any) and any person acting on its or their 
behalf (i) have not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes at any time within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except, in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. 
or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, to

--- Page 282 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
282 
 
persons it reasonably believes to be QIBs, each purchasing (or holding) for its own account or for the 
account of one or more QIBs and (ii) at or prior to confirmation of sale of Notes offered in reliance on 
Regulation S, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or 
person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases such Notes from it a 
confirmation or other notice stating that such distributor, dealer or person is subject to the restrictions on 
offers and sales of such Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
that are set forth herein. 
An offer or sale of Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person by 
any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) at any time may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers, directly or through their respective U.S. broker dealer affiliates, may arrange for the resale of 
Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A to QIBs 
pursuant to Rule 144A and each purchaser of such Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers are relying 
on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A and 
one or more exemptions and/or exclusions from regulation under the United States Commodity Exchange 
Act, as amended. The minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be purchased by a QIB 
pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$100,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof in any other Settlement 
Currency). To the extent that Citigroup Inc. is not subject to or does not comply with the reporting 
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of 
Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI have agreed to furnish to holders of Notes offered 
and sold in reliance on Rule 144A and to prospective purchasers designated by such holders, upon 
request, such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
Each issuance of Notes shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree with the Issuer as a term of the issuance and purchase or, as the case may 
be, subscription of such Notes. Each Dealer agrees that it shall offer, sell and deliver such Notes only in 
compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
CGMFL does not intend to issue, offer or sell any Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, any U.S. person. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as applicable other than with respect to offers of the Notes 
in the European Economic Area for specified periods of time), each Dealer has represented and/or agreed 
(as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Issue Terms to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area at any time (or, as the case may be, in any period during which the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as applicable). 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or

--- Page 283 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
283 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in EU Prospectus Regulation; and  
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or as applicable other than with respect to offers of the Notes in the 
European Economic Area for specified periods of time), then each Dealer has represented and/or agreed 
(as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable final terms 
to the public in European Economic Area except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
European Economic Area: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may 
be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in that Member 
State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to 
such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Member State, PROVIDED THAT any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by 
the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period or periods beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for 
the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) to fewer than 150 natural 
or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation) in the European Economic Area, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) in any other circumstances 
falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
PROVIDED THAT no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
• 
the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes, and  
• 
the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 284 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
284 
 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as applicable other than with respect to offers of the Notes 
in the United Kingdom for specified periods of time), each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as 
applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and/or 
agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Issue Terms to any retail investor in the United Kingdom at 
any time (or, as the case may be, in any period during which the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any 
Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as applicable). For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
of the United Kingdom (as amended, the "EUWA");  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable" (or as applicable other than with respect to offers of the Notes in the 
United Kingdom for specified periods of time), then,  each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as 
applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and/or 
agree (as applicable), that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms in respect of the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be 
made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Non-Exempt Offer"), following the 
date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the 
FCA, PROVIDED THAT any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final 
Terms contemplating such Non-Exempt Offer, in the period or periods beginning and ending 
on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-Exempt Offer;

--- Page 285 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
285 
 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) to fewer than 150 natural 
or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation) in the United Kingdom, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time (or, as the case may be, in any relevant specified period) in any other circumstances 
falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
PROVIDED THAT no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and  
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom: additional restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it 
is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes 
would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to any of Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and CGMFL or, in the case of the CGMFL Guarantor, 
would not if the CGMFL Guarantor was not an authorised person, apply to the CGMFL 
Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA and the Financial 
Conduct Authority Handbook with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, 
from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 286 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
286 
 
Andorra 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and any further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes may only be offered, marketed, sold or distributed, or any 
marketing materials distributed relating thereto in the Principality of Andorra ("Andorra") in accordance 
with the requirements set forth by the laws of Andorra, in particular: Law 7/2013, 9, May, on the regime 
for the operating entities in the Andorran financial system and other provisions which govern the 
financial activities at the Principality of Andorra ("Llei 7/2013, del 9 de maig, sobre el règim jurídic de 
les entitats operatives del sistema financer andorrà i altres disposicions que regulen l'exercici de les 
activitats financeres al Principat d'Andorra") (the "Andorran Financial Act"); and Law 8/2013, 9, May, 
on the organisational requirements and operating conditions of the operating entities in the Andorran 
financial system, the investor protection, the market abuse and financial securities agreements ("Llei 
8/2013, del 9 de maig sobre els requisits organitzatius i les condicions de funcionament de les entitats 
operatives del sistema financer, la protecció de l'inversor, l'abús de mercat i els acords de garantia 
financera") (the "Andorran Financial Securities Act"); as well as or any other related regulations that 
may be in force from time to time, as further amended, supplemented or restated governing the issue, 
offer and sale of Notes in Andorra. 
Accordingly, the Notes can only be publicly offered, marketed, promoted or negotiated in Andorra by 
locally licensed financial entities ("entitats operatives del sistema financer andorrà"). Dealers may offer 
or distribute exclusively the Notes to locally licensed financial entities authorised by the Andorran 
Financial Authority ("Autoritat Financera Andorrana") in accordance with the laws of Andorra, or sell 
them to Andorran professional investors, as defined in Law 8/2013, as long as the selling of such 
securities is expressly solicited by such investors. 
Argentina 
Information contained herein is not an offer, or an invitation to make offers in the Republic of Argentina. 
The offering of the Notes under the Programme has not been authorised by, and the Notes have not been 
registered with, the Argentine Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional de Valores ("CNV")). The 
Notes will not be offered or sold in Argentina except in transactions that will not constitute a public 
offering of securities within the meaning of Sections 2 and 83 of the Capital Markets Law No. 26,831, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time. No application has been filed and no application will 
be filed to obtain an authorization from the CNV for the public offering of the Notes in the Republic of 
Argentina. 
Australia 
This Base Prospectus has not been and no prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia) in relation to the Programme or the Notes has been, or will 
be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC") or the Australian 
Securities Exchange operated by ASX Limited ("ASX").  
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that, unless the applicable Issue 
Terms (or any other supplement to this Base Prospectus) otherwise provides, it: 
(a) 
has not made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer for the issue, sale or purchase of 
the Notes in, to or from Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person 
in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, this Base Prospectus or any 
other offering material or advertisement relating to any Notes in Australia;

--- Page 287 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
287 
 
unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its 
equivalent in an alternative currency, and in either case disregarding moneys lent by 
the offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation does not otherwise require 
disclosure to be made to investors in accordance with Parts 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia; 
(ii) 
the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a "retail client" for the purposes 
of Section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia;  
(iii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives in Australia 
(including, without limitation, the licensing requirements of Chapter 7 of the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia); and  
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or the ASX or any 
other regulatory authority in Australia.  
This Base Prospectus is not a disclosure document under Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) 
of Australia or a product disclosure statement under Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of 
Australia.  It is not required to, and does not purport to, contain all the information which would be 
required in a disclosure document or a product disclosure statement under the Corporations Act 2001 
(Cth) of Australia.  This Base Prospectus has not been prepared specifically for Australian investors and 
it:  
(a) 
may contain references to dollar amounts which are not Australian dollars;  
(b) 
may contain financial information which is not prepared in accordance with Australian law or 
practices;  
(c) 
may not address risks associated with investment in foreign currency denominated investments; 
and 
(d) 
does not address Australian tax issues. 
Austria 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" above, the Notes may be offered for the first time in Austria only once a notification to the 
issue calendar (Emissionskalender) maintained by the Austrian Control Bank (Oesterreichische 
Kontrollbank Aktiengesellschaft) as notification office (Meldestelle), all as prescribed by the Austrian 
Capital Market Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz), as amended, has been filed as soon as possible prior to 
the commencement of the relevant offer of the Notes. 
The Bahamas 
The Notes may not be sold to persons or entities deemed resident in The Bahamas pursuant to the 
Exchange Control Regulations, 1956 of The Bahamas unless the prior approval of the Exchange Control 
Department of the Central Bank of The Bahamas is obtained. 
No distribution of the Notes may be made in The Bahamas unless a preliminary prospectus and a 
prospectus have been filed with the Securities Commission of The Bahamas (the "Securities 
Commission") and the Securities Commission has issued a receipt for each document, unless such 
offering is exempted pursuant to the Securities Industry Act and regulations of The Bahamas (as 
amended).

--- Page 288 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
288 
 
The Kingdom of Bahrain 
This Base Prospectus and the Notes that shall be offered pursuant to this Base Prospectus have not been 
approved or licensed by the Central Bank of Bahrain ("CBB"), the Bahrain Bourse, the Ministry of 
Industry and Commerce ("MOIC") or any other relevant licensing authorities in the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB, the Bahrain Bourse and the MOIC of the Kingdom of Bahrain takes no responsibility for the 
accuracy of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus or the performance of the 
Notes, nor shall they have any liability to any person, investor or otherwise for any loss or damage 
resulting from reliance on any statements or information contained herein. Each Dealer has represented 
and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any 
Notes and this Base Prospectus is only intended for Accredited Investors as defined by the CBB and the 
Notes offered by way of private placement may only be offered in minimum subscriptions of 
U.S.$100,000 (or equivalent in other currencies). Each Dealer and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will not make any invitation to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain to subscribe to the 
Notes and this Base Prospectus will not be issued to, passed to, or made available to the public generally 
in the Kingdom of Bahrain. The CBB has not reviewed, nor has it approved this Base Prospectus or the 
marketing thereof in the Kingdom of Bahrain. The CBB is not and will not be responsible for the 
performance of the Notes. 
For this purpose, an "Accredited Investor" means investors meeting the following criteria: 
1. 
individuals who have a minimum net worth (or joint net worth with their spouse) of 
U.S.$1,000,000 (one million United States Dollars), excluding that person's principal place of 
residence; 
2. 
companies, partnerships, trusts or other commercial undertakings which has financial assets 
available for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000 (one million United States Dollars); or 
3. 
Governments, supranational organisations, central banks or other national monetary authorities 
or state organisations whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state 
pension fund). 
Individuals and commercial undertakings may elect in writing to be treated as Accredited Investors 
subject to meeting at least 2 (two) of the following conditions: 
1. 
The investor has carried out trading/investing transactions, in significant size (i.e. value of 
transactions aggregating U.S.$200,000 (two hundred thousand United States Dollars)) over the 
last 12 (twelve) month period; 
2. 
The size of the investor’s financial assets portfolio including cash deposits and financial 
instruments is U.S.$500,000 (five hundred thousand United States Dollars) or more; and/or 
3. 
The investor works or has worked in the financial sector for at least 1 (one) year in a professional 
position, which requires knowledge of the transactions or services envisaged (i.e. the position 
was professional in nature and held in a field that allowed the client to acquire knowledge of 
transactions or services that have comparable features and a comparable level of complexity to 
the transactions or services envisaged). 
Belgium 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" above, please note that this Base Prospectus has not been submitted for approval to the

--- Page 289 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
289 
 
Financial Services and Markets Authority. Accordingly, investment instruments (as defined in the law 
of 11 July 2018 on offerings to the public of investment instruments and the admission of investment 
instruments to trading on regulated markets, as amended or replaced from time to time (the "Prospectus 
Law")) that do not qualify as securities (as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), including Notes 
that have a maturity of less than 12 months and qualify as money market instruments, and that therefore 
fall outside the scope of the EU Prospectus Regulation, may not be distributed in Belgium by way of an 
offering to the public, as defined in and subject to the exemptions set out in the Prospectus Law. 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and it will not offer 
or sell the Notes to, any consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code 
of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended from time to 
time, in Belgium. 
Brazil 
The Notes have not been and will not be issued or publicly placed, distributed, offered or negotiated in 
the Brazilian capital markets.  None of the relevant Issuer and, where CGMHI is the relevant Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and, where CGMFL is the relevant Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor and the issuance 
of any Notes have been or will be registered with the Brazilian Securities Commission (Comissão de 
Valores Mobiliários) ("CVM").  Any public offering or distribution, as defined under Brazilian laws and 
regulations, of Notes in Brazil is not legal without prior registration under Law No. 6,385, of 7 December 
1976, as amended, and Resolution No. 160 issued by CVM on 13 July 2022. Documents relating to the 
offering of any Notes, as well as information contained therein, may not be supplied to the public in 
Brazil (as the offering of any such Notes is not a public offering of securities in Brazil), nor be used in 
connection with any offer for subscription or sale of Notes to the public in Brazil.  Therefore, each Dealer 
has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that it will not offer or 
sell Notes in the Federative Republic of Brazil except in circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offering or distribution under Brazilian laws and regulations. 
British Virgin Islands 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus together with related Issue Terms (for purposes of this section 
"British Virgin Islands" only, the Offering Documents) does not constitute an offer, invitation, or 
solicitation to any member of the public in the British Virgin Islands for the purposes of the Securities 
and Investment Business Act 2010 of the British Virgin Islands, and the Offering Documents have not 
been registered with or approved by the Financial Services Commission or any other governmental or 
regulatory authority in the British Virgin Islands. Notwithstanding that Part II of the Securities and 
Investment Business Act, 2010 ("SIBA") is not, as at the date of the Base Prospectus, in force, none of 
the Offering Documents shall be distributed to or received by any person in the British Virgin Islands if 
the distribution of any of the Offering Documents to or receipt of any of the Offering Documents by that 
person shall constitute an offer of the Notes to the public for the purposes of SIBA. 
Bulgaria 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation 
thereto in the Republic of Bulgaria and that it has not and will not distribute or make available this Base 
Prospectus or any Issue Terms in relation thereto or any other offering or publicity material relating to

--- Page 290 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
290 
 
the  (including roadshow materials and investor presentations) in the Republic of Bulgaria other than as 
provided in the section entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" above and in addition: 
1. 
In addition to the exemptions under Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation the following 
exemptions will apply from the requirement that such Dealer may make an offer of Notes to the 
public in the Republic of Bulgaria following the publication of a prospectus in relation to Notes 
qualifying under the EU Prospectus Regulation: 
(a) 
pursuant to Article 89c of the Bulgarian Public Offering of Securities Act at any time 
where the total consideration of each offer of Notes to the public is less than the 
monetary amount of EUR8,000,000 calculated over a period of 12 months, where 
admission is requested to trading on a multilateral trading facility as defined in point 
(22) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MTF"), and 
(b) 
pursuant to Article 89d of the of the Bulgarian Public Offering of Securities Act, at 
any time where the total consideration of each offer of Notes to the public is less than 
the monetary amount of EUR8,000,000 calculated over a period of 12 months, where 
admission to trading on a regulated market or an MTF is not requested, subject to the 
approval and publication of a document for public offering by the Bulgarian Financial 
Supervision Commission; 
2. 
No initial offering of Notes which qualify as bonds or other forms of securitised debt, is or will 
be made in the Republic of Bulgaria to more than 30 persons who are not institutional investors 
as listed in point (1) of Section I of Annex II to Directive 2014/65/EU, provided that  
(a) 
the Issuer is not a bank licensed in the Republic of Bulgaria, a bank from another 
Member State which provides services in the Republic of Bulgaria through a branch 
under the freedom of establishment or directly under the freedom to provide services 
or a branch of a bank from a third country which is licensed in the Republic of Bulgaria; 
(b) 
the issuance of Notes is one of the Issuer’s main activities; and 
(c) 
the Issuer grants credits or provides other financial services by way of occupation,  
unless it is an offer of such Notes to the public in the Republic of Bulgaria or admission to trading of 
such Notes on a regulated market in Bulgaria which is sought in accordance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and the Bulgarian Public Offering of Securities Act. 
Cayman Islands 
No invitation is made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Notes. 
Chile  
The Notes issued under the Programme are subject to Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 336, dated 
27 June 2012, as amended by Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 452, dated 22 February 2021, 
("CMF Rule 336"), both issued by the Financial Markets Commission (Comisión para el Mercado 
Financiero) (the "CMF"). The Notes issued under the Programme may not be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, by means of a "Public Offer", as defined under Law No. 18.045, as amended (the "Chilean 
Securities Market Law") in Chile or to any resident in Chile, except as permitted by applicable Chilean 
law. The Notes will not be registered under the Chilean Securities Market Law with the CMF and, 
accordingly, the Notes may not and will not be offered or sold to persons in Chile except in circumstances 
which do not and will not result in a public offering under Chilean law, and in compliance with CMF 
Rule 336, as amended. Pursuant to the Chilean Securities Market Law, a public offering of securities is

--- Page 291 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
291 
 
an offering that is addressed to the general public or to certain specific categories or groups thereof. 
Considering that the definition of public offering is quite broad, even an offering addressed to a small 
group of investors may be considered to be addressed to a certain specific category or group of the public 
and therefore be considered public under applicable law and, as such, subject to registration in Chile. 
However, pursuant to CMF Rule 336, the Notes issued under the Programme may be privately offered 
in Chile to certain “qualified investors,” identified as such therein (which in turn are further described in 
Rule No. 216, dated June 12, 2008, of the CMF) and in compliance with regulations applicable to such 
investors. 
CMF Rule 336 requires the following information to be provided to prospective investors in Chile: 
1. 
The date of commencement of the offer and that the offer of the Notes is subject to CMF Rule 
336, as amended. 
2. 
The subject matter of this offer are securities not registered with the Securities Registry 
(Registro de Valores), nor with the Foreign Securities Registry (Registro de Valores 
Extranjeros) both kept by the CMF.  As a consequence, the Notes are not subject to the oversight 
of the CMF. 
3. 
Since the Notes are not registered in Chile, the Issuer is not obliged to provide publicly available 
information about the Notes in Chile. 
4. 
The Notes shall not be subject to public offering in Chile unless registered with the relevant 
securities registry kept by the CMF. 
Colombia  
The Notes cannot and will not be publicly offered in Colombia, but may be "promoted" (as such term is 
defined by Article 4.1.1.1.1. of Decree 2555 of 2010) to a determined, limited number of persons (less 
than 100) in Colombia by the authorised personnel of a firm authorised to execute "promotion" activities 
of foreign securities in Colombia. The Notes have not been and will not be registered on the Colombian 
National Registry of Securities and Issuers (Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) or before the 
Colombian Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the distribution of any documentation in regards to the 
Programme will not constitute a public offering of Securities. 
Costa Rica 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered with Costa Rica's General Superintendency of 
Securities or "SUGEVAL" (Superintendencia General de Valores) and, therefore, the Notes are not 
authorised for public offering in Costa Rica and may not be offered, placed, distributed, commercialised 
and/or negotiated publicly in Costa Rica.  Documents relating to the offering of the Notes, as well as 
information contained therein, may not be offered publicly in Costa Rica, nor be used in connection with 
any public offering for subscription or sale of the Notes in Costa Rica. 
Czech Republic 
This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by the Czech National Bank. No action has 
been taken in the Czech Republic (including the obtaining of the prospectus approval from the Czech 
National Bank and the admission to trading on a regulated market (as defined in section 55(1) of the Act 
of the Czech Republic No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the Capital Market, as amended 
(the "Capital Market Act)")) for the purposes of the Notes to qualify as securities admitted to trading 
on the regulated market in the Czech Republic within the meaning of the Capital Market Act.

--- Page 292 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
292 
 
No offers or sales of the Notes may be made in the Czech Republic through a public offering (veřejná 
nabídka) (as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), except if in compliance with the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and the Capital Market Act.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has complied with and will comply with all applicable provisions 
of the Capital Market Act, the Act of the Czech Republic No. 21/1992 Coll., on Banks, as amended, the 
Act of the Czech Republic No. 240/2013 Coll., on Management Companies and Investment Funds, as 
amended or any other applicable laws of the Czech Republic in respect of the Notes and its offering in 
the Czech Republic. 
Republic of Cyprus 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" above, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, except in conformity with the 
provisions of the Public Offer and Prospectus Law, Law 114(I)/2005 (as amended) (the 
"Prospectus Law") and the provisions of the Cyprus Companies Law, cap.113 (as amended) 
and only if such offer falls within the exemptions provided under s.4(3) of the Prospectus Law; 
(b) 
it has not and will not offer or sell any Notes other than in compliance with the provisions of 
the Investment Services and Activities and Regulated Markets Law, Law 87(I)/2017 (the 
"ISARM"); 
(c) 
it will not be providing from or within Cyprus any "Investment Services", "Investment 
Activities" and "Non-Core Services" (as such terms are defined in the ISARM) in relation to 
the Notes or be otherwise providing Investment Services, Investment Activities and Non-Core 
Services to residents or persons domiciled in Cyprus; 
(d) 
it will not be concluding in Cyprus any transaction relating to such Investment Services, 
Investment Activities and Non-Core Services in contravention of the ISARM and/or applicable 
regulations adopted pursuant thereto or in relation thereto; and 
(e) 
it will not sell any Notes in breach of financial and economic sanctions imposed by the European 
Union pursuant to Regulation 833/2014 and 269/2014 as amended from time to time, and in 
particular, it will not sell any Notes denominated in an official currency of an EU Member State 
issued after 12 April 2022, to any Russian national or natural person residing in Russia or any 
legal person, entity or body established in Russia, with the exception of Russian nationals or 
natural persons residing in Russia having a temporary or permanent residence permit in a 
country member of the European Economic Area or in Switzerland. 
Denmark 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" above, each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable) that it has not 
offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes (i) directly or indirectly in Denmark by way 
of public offering or as a private placement, unless in compliance with the Danish Capital Markets Act 
(Consolidation Act No. 2014 of 1 November 2021, as amended from time to time) and the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; and (ii) to any retail investors (as defined in MiFID II) in Denmark, unless such offering is

--- Page 293 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
293 
 
permitted pursuant to the applicable Issue Terms and any applicable provisions of the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation are complied with. 
For the purposes of this provision, an offer of Notes to the public in Denmark means the communication 
in any form and by any means and through any distribution channel of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the relevant Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor in Denmark to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for such Notes. 
Dominican Republic  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Market Law of the Dominican 
Republic (Ley del Mercado de Valores de la República Dominicana, No. 249-17 del 19 de diciembre de 
2017), as the same may be amended or superseded from time to time, and including any regulations 
promulgated thereunder (the "Dominican Securities Law"). The Notes may only be offered or sold in 
the Dominican Republic pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Dominican 
Securities Law, and consequently the Notes have not been offered in any public manner in the Dominican 
Republic. Accordingly, any purchaser of the Notes acknowledges and understands that as the same will 
not be subject to registration before or the supervision of the Dominican Republic Securities 
Superintendence (Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores de la República Dominicana) or any other 
authority in the Dominican Republic. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as 
applicable) and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and/or agree (as applicable) that it will not offer or sell the Notes in the Dominican Republic, except in 
circumstances which do not constitute a public offering under Dominican laws and regulations. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered and will not 
offer the Notes to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the DFSA) Rulebook as amended, issued for the purposes of DIFC Law 
No. 1 of 2012 (DIFC Markets Rules); and  
(b) 
made only to persons who are not individuals and meet the Professional Client criteria set out 
in the DIFC Markets Rules. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. 
The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt 
Offers. The DFSA has not approved this document nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it, 
and has no responsibility for it. 
The Notes may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the 
Notes should conduct their own due diligence on the Notes. 
If you do not understand the contents of this document, you should consult an authorized financial 
adviser. 
Ecuador  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered in the Public Registry of the Stock Market (Catastro 
Público del Mercado de Valores) nor the Quito or Guayaquil Stock Exchange (Bolsa de Valores de Quito 
or Guayaquil) and each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as 
applicable), that it will not offer or sell Notes in Ecuador except through private transactions and under

--- Page 294 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
294 
 
circumstances which do not constitute a public offering under book II of the Monetary and Financial 
Organic Code (Libro II del Código Orgánico Monetario y Financiero) or under its implementing 
regulations. 
El Salvador  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Stock Exchange of El Salvador (Bolsa de 
Valores de El Salvador) nor the Public Stock Exchange Registry of El Salvador's Financial System 
Superintendence (Registro Público Bursátil of the Superintendencia del Sistema Financiero de El 
Salvador) and each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as 
applicable), that it will not offer or sell Notes in the Republic of El Salvador except in circumstances 
which do not constitute a public offering or distribution under Salvadoran laws and regulations. 
Finland 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, Notes, 
including Finnish Notes, issued under the Programme may not be marketed, offered or sold, or the Base 
Prospectus be distributed, directly or indirectly to any resident of the Republic of Finland or in the 
Republic of Finland, except pursuant to and in compliance with the Finnish Securities Market Act 
(Arvopaperimarkkinalaki 14.12.2012/746, as amended) and other applicable Finnish laws and 
regulations. The Base Prospectus has not been approved by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and each Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
Offer to the public not exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus in France: 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Notes to the public non exempted from the 
obligation to publish a prospectus in France or an admission of Notes to trading on a regulated 
market in France in the period beginning (i) when a prospectus in relation to those Notes has 
been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF), on the date of such publication 
or, (ii) when a prospectus has been approved by the competent authority of another Member 
State of the EEA in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation No. 2017/1129, as amended, 
on the date of notification of such approval to the AMF in accordance with Article 25 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, and ending at the latest on the date which is 12 months after the date of 
approval of the prospectus, all in accordance with Articles 3 and 12 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, Articles L. 412-1 and L. 621-8 of the French Code monétaire et financier (CMF) 
and the Règlement général of the AMF (RG AMF); or 
(ii) 
Offer to the public exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus (Private placement) in 
France: 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Notes in France only in circumstances that do 
constitute an offer to the public exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Articles L.411-2 and L.411-2-1 of the CMF and more particularly to (a) qualified investors 
(investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in, and in accordance with Article L. 411-2 1° of the CMF 
and Article 2(e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation and/or (b) a restricted circle of investors 
(cercle restreint d'investisseurs), other than qualified investors, provided that such investors are 
acting for their own account, in accordance with Articles L.411-2 1° and D.411-4 of the CMF 
and/or (c) investors who acquire Notes for a total consideration of at least EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency) per investor, for each separate offer in accordance with Article

--- Page 295 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
295 
 
L. 411-2-1 2° of the CMF and Article 211-2 II of the RG AMF and/or (d) Notes whose nominal 
amount or equivalent amounts is at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) in 
accordance with Article L. 411-2-1 3° of the CMF and Article 211-2 III of the RG AMF. 
Guatemala  
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any Notes have been registered with Guatemala's National Registry for 
the Supervision of the Commercialisation of Securities (Registro del Mercado de Valores y Mercancias 
de la Republica de Guatemala) and, therefore, no Notes may be publicly offered in Guatemala or through 
Guatemalan broker/dealers. 
The Notes are being placed privately or publicly in several markets outside of Guatemala, and 
Guatemalan residents interested in acquiring the Notes must accept (preferably) in writing that they are 
the ones making the approach to purchase such Notes, and must do it through the services of broker 
dealers active in those markets, and enter into transactions under laws other than Guatemalan law. 
Neither the Regulations for Initial Public Offerings and Sale of Securities contained in the Law of the 
Securities and Commodities Market (Ley del Mercado de Valores y Mercancias) nor any other 
Guatemalan Law or Regulation, nor the obligations regarding the information or risk rating applicable 
to notes registered with the Registro de Valores y Mercancias de la Republica de Guatemala apply to 
the Notes or any offering thereof. 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it will not offer or sell Notes 
publicly in the Republic of Guatemala.  The Guatemalan Registro de Valores y Mercancias de la 
Republica de Guatemala has not reviewed or approved the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus may 
not be publicly distributed in Guatemala, nor shall any advertising of this Base Prospectus take place in 
the territory of the Republic of Guatemala. 
Guatemalan residents may be subject to Guatemalan tax laws. 
Honduras  
Neither the Issuers nor any Notes issued under the Programme have been, nor will they be, registered 
with the Honduran Securities Market Public Registry (Registro Público de Mercado de Valores) and 
therefore, no Notes may be publicly offered in Honduras and each Dealer has represented and/or agreed 
(as applicable), and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and/or agree (as applicable), that it will comply with all applicable law and will not offer or sell Notes 
publicly in Honduras.  The Honduran National Banking and Insurance Commission has not reviewed or 
approved the Base Prospectus.  The Base Prospectus may not be publicly distributed in Honduras, nor 
shall any advertising of the Base Prospectus take place in the territory of the Republic of Honduras, nor 
through electronic means that are aimed specifically to people in the Honduran territory. 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable) that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China (Hong Kong), by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Securities which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO)) other than (i) where Securities are shares or 
debentures offered by a corporation incorporated outside Hong Kong only, to persons whose 
ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether as principal or agent); or (ii) to

--- Page 296 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
296 
 
"professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (iii) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to any Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under 
the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to 
be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Hungary 
In addition to the rules applicable to the EEA as described above, in connection with any private 
placement in Hungary, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that (i) all written documentation prepared in 
connection with a private placement in Hungary will clearly indicate that it is a private placement, (ii) it 
will ensure that all investors receive the same information which is material or necessary to the evaluation 
of the Issuer(s) current market, economic, financial and legal situation and its expected development, 
including that which was discussed in any personal consultation with an investor, and (iii) the following 
standard wording will be included in all such written communication: 
"PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 OF ACT CXX OF 2001 ON THE CAPITAL MARKETS, THIS [NAME 
OF DOCUMENT] WAS PREPARED IN CONNECTION WITH A PRIVATE PLACEMENT IN 
HUNGARY." 
India 
The Issuer has not authorised any offer of any Notes in India, or for the account or benefit of any Indian 
Resident, either directly or indirectly, by means of any document (where Indian Resident has the 
meaning given by the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, read with the rules, regulations and 
notifications thereunder, each as may be amended from time to time (FEMA)).   
Unless otherwise specified, no Notes are offered, made available for subscription or sold pursuant to the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the rules thereunder (each as may be amended from time to time) (Indian 
Companies Act), the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, as amended, the rules, 
regulations and guidelines made thereunder or under any Indian law or regulations.  Notes may not 
lawfully be offered, subscribed for by, sold to or held, whether directly or indirectly, by any Indian 
Resident and by the purchase of a Note, the relevant holder will be deemed to represent and warrant that 
it is not an Indian Resident.   
Communications relating to Notes may only be made to (i) persons resident outside India and (ii) entities 
which do not qualify as Indian Resident.  Communications relating to the issue of Notes or any material 
relating to Notes, including the Base Prospectus, will not be circulated or distributed directly or indirectly 
and have not been circulated or distributed, directly or indirectly, to any person or the public or any 
member of the public in India or otherwise generally distributed or circulated in India, in circumstances 
which would constitute an advertisement, invitation, sale or solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or 
purchase any notes to the public within the meaning of the Indian Companies Act, and other applicable 
Indian law for the time being in force. The Base Prospectus has not been and will not be submitted or 
registered as a prospectus in India, and has not been and will not be reviewed, approved, or recommended

--- Page 297 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
297 
 
by any Registrar of Companies in India, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), the Reserve 
Bank of India, any stock exchange in India or any other Indian statutory or regulatory authority. In 
relation to Notes relating to Indian securities, in addition to the requirements specified above, 
communications relating to such Notes may only be made to entities which are eligible for registration 
as 'Category I foreign portfolio investors' in accordance with Regulation 21(1) of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019 (as may be amended from time 
to time) (FPI Regulations), provided that where such entity has an investment manager who is from a 
Financial Action Task Force member country, the investment manager shall not be required to be 
registered as a 'Category I foreign portfolio investor', and by the purchase of a Note relating to Indian 
securities, the relevant holder will be deemed to represent and warrant that it is so eligible. 
Ireland 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, each 
Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that: 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place any Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations, 2017 (as 
amended, the MiFiD II Regulations), including, without limitation Regulation 5 (Requirement 
for authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof or any codes of 
conduct made under the MiFiD II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor Compensation 
Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, any Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the Companies Act), the Irish Central 
Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of 
the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
(c) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland with respect 
to any Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of EU Prospectus Regulation 
2017/1129/EU (PD3) (the EU Prospectus Regulation), the European Union (Prospectus) 
Regulations 2019 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under 
Section 1363 of the Companies Act; 
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland with respect to any Notes, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 
596/2014 (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) 
and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies 
Act; and 
(e) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Notes, 
otherwise than in accordance with the requirements set out in Notice BSD C01/02 issued by the 
Central Bank of Ireland pursuant to Section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 1971 (as amended). 
Israel 
This Base Prospectus does not constitutes a prospectus under the Israeli Securities Law 5728-1968 (the 
Israeli Securities Law) and has not been filed with, or approved by, the Israeli Securities Authority. In 
Israel, the Base Prospectus may be distributed only to, and may be directed only at, Israeli investors who 
have confirmed in writing that they (a) qualify as one of the types of investors listed in the First 
Addendum to the Israeli Securities Law (Israeli Qualified Investors), and are aware of the implications 
of being classified as an investor of this type and agree thereto, and (b) are acquiring the Notes for their

--- Page 298 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
298 
 
own account and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof, except, to 
the extent permitted under the First Addendum to the Israeli Securities Law, for distribution or resale to 
Israeli Qualified Investors. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable) that, it will not 
offer or sell Notes in the State of Israel other than to Israeli Qualified Investors. 
Italy 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, unless 
specified in the applicable Final Terms that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in Italy, the offering of 
the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and accordingly no Notes may 
be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus (including the applicable Issue 
Terms) or of any other document relating to Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation 1129/2017 and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and Italian CONSOB regulations; 
or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, article 100 of the Financial Services Act, Article 34-ter of 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971/1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian 
laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations (including article 100-bis of the Financial 
Services Act) or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting 
requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other 
Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will 
not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Law No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 299 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
299 
 
State of Kuwait 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that the Base Prospectus is not for 
general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The Notes have not been licensed for offering in Kuwait by 
the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any other applicable Kuwaiti government agency. The offering 
of the Notes in Kuwait on the basis a private placement or public offering is, therefore, restricted in 
accordance with Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended) together with the various 
resolutions, regulations, directives and instructions and announcements issued pursuant thereto, or in 
connection therewith (regardless of nomenclature or type) and any other applicable law or regulation in 
the State of Kuwait. No private or public offering of the Notes is being made in Kuwait, and no agreement 
relating to the sale of the Notes will be concluded in Kuwait. No marketing or solicitation or inducement 
activities are being used to offer or market the Notes in Kuwait. 
Mexico 
No Notes have been, or will be, registered with the Mexican National Registry of Securities (Registro 
Nacional de Valores) maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission 
(Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores) (the CNBV) pursuant to the Mexican Securities Market Law 
(Ley del Mercado de Valores) and may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico.  Each Dealer has 
represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it will not offer or sell Notes publicly in the 
United Mexican States. The Notes may be offered and sold in Mexico by the Dealers, on a private 
placement basis, to investors that qualify as institutional and accredited investors, under the Mexican 
Securities Market Law and regulations thereunder. The CNBV has not reviewed or approved the Base 
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. 
Norway 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, non-
equity Notes denominated in Norwegian Kroner may not be offered or sold within Norway, without the 
Notes prior thereto having been registered with a central securities depositary licensed or recognised 
pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, cf. section 3-1 of the Central Securities Depositaries Act of 
15 March 2019 no. 6. 
Further, each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that (i) if relevant, the 
Notes will only be offered and sold in Norway in accordance with the provisions on marketing of 
structured products set out in section 16-2 of the Financial Institutions Regulation of 9 December 2016 
no. 1502, as amended and (ii) the Notes will only be sold in Norway to investors who have sufficient 
knowledge and experience to understand the risks involved with investing in the Notes. 
Oman 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that: 
(a) 
the Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute, shall be treated as constituting or shall be 
deemed to constitute, any offer or sale of Notes or investment products in the Sultanate of Oman 
or the inward marketing or promotion of Notes or an attempt to do business, as a bank, an 
investment company or otherwise in the Sultanate of Oman other than in compliance with any 
laws applicable in the Sultanate of Oman governing the issue, offering, promotion and sale of 
Notes or investment products under the laws of the Sultanate of Oman;

--- Page 300 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
300 
 
(b) 
the Base Prospectus has not been filed with, reviewed, approved or registered as a prospectus 
with the Capital Market Authority of Oman or the Central Bank of Oman pursuant to the 
Securities Law (RD 46/2022), and will not be offered or sold as an offer of Notes in Oman as 
contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (RD 18/2019); and 
(c) 
the Notes issued under the Programme will not be offered, sold or delivered, and no invitation 
to subscribe for or to purchase the Notes has been or will be made, directly or indirectly, nor 
may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed, in Oman to any 
person in Oman other than by an entity duly licensed by the Capital Market Authority of Oman 
to market non Omani securities in Oman and then only in accordance with all applicable laws 
and regulations, including Article 139 of the Executive Regulations of the Capital Markets Law 
(Decision No. 1/2009, as amended). 
This document is strictly private and confidential. This document is provided on an exclusive basis to 
the specifically intended recipient of such document, upon that person’s request and initiative, and for 
the recipient’s personal use only. It is being distributed to a limited number of sophisticated investors 
upon their request and must not be provided to any person other than the original recipient. It is not for 
general circulation in the Sultanate of Oman and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
Any distribution of this document by the recipient to third parties in the Sultanate of Oman beyond the 
terms of this document is not authorised and shall be at the liability of such recipient. 
Panama  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered with the Superintendency of the Securities Market 
of Panama. Accordingly (i) the Notes cannot be publicly offered or sold in Panama, except in transactions 
exempted from registration under the Securities Laws of Panama, (ii) the Superintendency of the 
Securities Market of Panama has not reviewed the information contained in the Base Prospectus, (iii) the 
Notes and any offer are not subject to the supervision of the Superintendency of the Securities Market of 
Panama, and (iv) the Notes do not benefit from the tax incentives provided by the Securities Laws of 
Panama. 
Paraguay  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Paraguayan Securities Commission 
(Comisión Nacional de Valores) and each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as 
applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that it will not offer or sell Notes in the Republic of Paraguay except 
in circumstances which do not constitute a public offering or distribution under Paraguayan laws, 
regulations and market practices. 
Paraguayan investors must acknowledge that: 
1. 
any legal matter arising from an offer of Notes under the Base Prospectus shall not be submitted 
to any Paraguayan authority;  
2. 
the Paraguayan Deposit Insurance legislation does not insure investments in the Notes;  
3. 
the Paraguayan Central Bank (Banco Central del Paraguay), the Paraguayan Securities 
Commission and the Paraguayan Banking Superintendency (Superintendencia de Bancos) do 
not regulate the offering of the Notes or any obligations that may arise from such offering;  
4. 
they may be subject to taxes under Paraguayan laws on the profits obtained from the Notes or 
the sale thereof; and

--- Page 301 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
301 
 
5. 
they are responsible to conduct an independent examination of the relevant offer, and to 
ascertain and assess the risks arising from or in connection with the investments in the Notes. 
People's Republic of China 
Persons into whose possession this document comes should inform themselves of all relevant Chinese 
restrictions.  In particular, Notes are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, (i) in the PRC (excluding Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions and Taiwan 
region), or (ii) to any domestic individual as defined in the Administrative Measures on Foreign 
Exchange Matters for Individuals, unless otherwise permitted by the laws, administrative regulations and 
rules of the PRC. 
By the purchase of a Note, the relevant holder will be deemed to represent and/or warrant (as applicable) 
that it purchased such Note in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of the PRC. 
Peru  
Notes issued under the Base Prospectus may only be placed privately in Peru, provided that such offering 
is considered a private offering under the securities laws and regulations of Peru. The Peruvian securities 
law establishes that any particular offer may qualify as private, among others, if it is directed exclusively 
at institutional investors (as defined under Peruvian securities law and regulations). Accordingly, the 
Notes cannot be offered or sold in Peru except if (i) such Notes were previously registered with the 
Superintendencia de Mercado de Valores (Peru’s National Corporations and Securities Supervisory 
Commission or SMV) or listed with the Lima Stock Exchange, or (ii) such offering is considered a private 
offering under the Peruvian securities laws and regulations. The Notes will not be subject to a public 
offering in Peru. 
Therefore, neither the Base Prospectus nor any Notes have been or will be registered with nor approved 
by Peru's National Corporations and Securities Supervisory Commission (Superintendencia del Mercado 
de Valores) (SMV) or the Lima Stock Exchange (LSE). 
This Base Prospectus and other offering materials relating to the offer of the Notes are being supplied to 
those Peruvian investors who have expressly requested them. Such materials may not be distributed to 
any person or entity other than the intended recipients. 
Peruvian institutional investors, as defined by Peruvian securities law and regulations, must rely on their 
own examination of the terms of the offering of the Notes to determine their ability to invest in them. No 
offer or invitation to subscribe for or sell the Notes or beneficial interests therein can be made in Peru 
except in compliance with the securities laws thereof. 
Peruvian residents may be taxed under Peruvian tax laws, on the profits obtained from the Notes or the 
sale thereof. Investors must independently evaluate the application of such taxes before purchasing the 
Notes. 
Philippines 
THE NOTES BEING OFFERED OR SOLD HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION UNDER THE SECURITIES REGULATION CODE 
OF THE PHILIPPINES.  ANY FUTURE OFFER OR SALE THEREOF IN THE PHILIPPINES IS 
SUBJECT TO REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE CODE UNLESS SUCH OFFER OR 
SALE QUALIFIES AS AN EXEMPT TRANSACTION. 
By the purchase of a Note, the relevant holder:

--- Page 302 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
302 
 
1. 
will be deemed to acknowledge that the issue of, offer for subscription or purchase of, or 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase, such Note may only be made directly or indirectly to 
persons outside the Philippines and accordingly confirms that it is not a resident of or located 
in the Philippines;  
2. 
will be deemed to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable) that it has not offered, sold or 
issued an invitation to purchase or subscribe and will not offer, sell or issue an invitation to 
purchase or subscribe, Notes directly or indirectly to any persons in the Philippines; and  
3. 
will be deemed to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable) that it has not circulated or 
distributed and will not circulate and distribute the Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms or any other document or materials relating to Notes directly or indirectly to any persons 
in the Philippines. 
Notes may not be offered or transferred to a resident of or any person in the Philippines. 
Poland 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, the 
Base Prospectus has not been subject to the approval of the Polish Financial Supervisory Authority or 
any other competent Polish authority. Accordingly, Notes cannot be offered or sold in the Republic of 
Poland (Poland) by way of a Public Offer (as defined below) and/or be admitted to a regulated market 
in Poland (the "Polish Admission"), unless such Public Offer and/or the Polish Admission are carried 
out in compliance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, the Act on Public Offering and on the Conditions 
Governing the Introduction of Financial Instruments to an Organised Trading System and Public 
Companies dated 29 July 2005 (as amended) and any other applicable laws and regulations enacted under 
these acts or in substitution thereof from time to time.  
For the purpose of this provision, the term Public Offer means an 'offer of Notes to the public' as defined 
in the EU Prospectus Regulation, i.e., a communication to persons in any form and by any means, 
presenting sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered, so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for those Notes. 
The conduct of a Public Offer in Poland as well as subscription or sale relating to such Public Offer 
requires an intermediation of a licenced investment firm, except for certain Public Offers exempted from 
the prospectus obligation. In addition, the sale to or acquisition and holding of the Notes by residents of 
Poland may be subject to additional requirements and restrictions imposed by Polish law, beyond the 
restrictions and requirements provided by generally applicable provisions of European Union law, 
including under foreign exchange regulations. 
Portugal 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, the 
Notes may only be distributed or placed or advertised in Portugal if all applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements are met, including (if and as required) (i) the prior notification of a Key Information 
Document (KID) approved by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (the CMVM), under the 
terms of Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 
2014 (PRIIPs Regulation), and any ancillary EU or Portuguese legislation or regulation, (ii) the 
subsequent publication of the KID on CMVM’s website thereunder, and (iii) the approval by CMVM of 
the marketing materials (if any), under the applicable legal and regulatory framework.

--- Page 303 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
303 
 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, delivered or 
sold, and will not offer, deliver or sell at any time, directly or indirectly, any Notes in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre), except:  
1. 
in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre), and without undertaking any of the following activities: 
(a) 
advertising, roadshows or presentations within Qatar to which a number of investors 
are invited (i.e. all such meetings should be on a one-to-one basis); 
(b) 
accepting money (by check or cash) in Qatar to indicate the intention to invest in 
products or obtain services in Qatar; or 
(c) 
Dealer signing or countersigning documents in Qatar; and 
2. 
through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment advice 
and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the State of 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
The Base Prospectus (a) has not been, and will not be, filed, reviewed, registered with or approved by 
the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar 
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority and may not be publicly distributed in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre); (b) is intended for the specific recipient only and must not be 
provided to any other person; and (c) is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar (including the 
Qatar Financial Centre) and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
Romania 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, the 
Base Prospectus has not been subject to the approval of the Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority 
or any other competent Romanian authority. Accordingly, the Issuer and each Dealer have represented, 
warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and 
will not offer, sell or deliver, any Notes in Romania in a solicitation to the public, and that sales of the 
Notes in Romania shall be effected in accordance with all Romanian securities, tax and exchange control 
and other applicable laws and regulations. 
For the cases when a valid passporting procedure to Romania in relation to the Base Prospectus has not 
been successfully enacted, the Issuer and each of the dealers have represented and agreed that they will 
not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or distribute copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in Romania except for the cases when the Base Prospectus and any other documents 
relating to the Notes will be offered to the public in Romania only in compliance with the following 
cumulative conditions: 
(a) 
it is addressed only to investors who are "qualified investors" within the meaning of article 2 
letter e) of the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in Romania, including the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, the provisions of Law No. 24/2017 as regards Issuers of Financial Instruments and 
Market Operations, the provisions of Regulation No. 5/2018 on Issuers of Financial Instruments

--- Page 304 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
304 
 
and Market Operations issued by the Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority, and any norms 
and decisions issued or approved by the Romanian Financial Supervisory Authority or any other 
competent Romanian authority, as well as with all applicable EU legislation. 
Russian Federation 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that it has not 
offered or sold or transferred or otherwise disposed of and will not offer or sell or transfer or otherwise 
dispose of any Notes (as part of their initial distribution or at any time thereafter) to or for the benefit of 
any persons (including legal entities) resident, incorporated, established or having their usual residence 
in the Russian Federation or to any person located within the territory of the Russian Federation unless 
and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law.  
Since neither the issuance of the Notes nor a securities prospectus in respect of the Notes has been 
registered, or is intended to be registered, with the Central Bank of the Russian Federation, the Notes are 
not eligible for initial offering or public circulation in the Russian Federation and may not be sold or 
offered in the Russian Federation in any way other than to Russian "qualified investors" (as defined under 
Russian law) in a manner that does not constitute "advertisement", "placement" or "public circulation" 
(as defined under Russian law) of the Notes in the Russian Federation. 
Information set forth in the Base Prospectus is not an offer, advertisement or invitation to make offers, 
to sell, exchange or otherwise transfer the Notes in the Russian Federation or to or for the benefit of any 
Russian person or entity. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering 
of the Notes. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a Saudi Investor) 
who acquires any Notes pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Notes is a private placement 
under Article 8 of the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued by the 
Board of the Capital Market Authority (CMA) resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017, 
as amended by CMA resolution number 8-5-2023 dated 18 January 2023 (the KSA Regulations), made 
through a capital market institution licensed to carry out arranging activities by the CMA and following 
a notification to the CMA under Article 10 of the KSA Regulations.   
The Notes may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
other than to "institutional and qualified clients" under Article 8(a)(1) of the KSA Regulations or by way 
of a limited offer under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations.  
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that any offer of Notes made by it 
to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with Article 10 and either Article 8(a)(1) or Article 9 of 
the KSA Regulations.  
Singapore 
The Programme is not authorised under Section 286 of the SFA (as defined below) or recognised under 
Section 287 of the SFA by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the Notes are not allowed to be 
offered to the retail public. 
This Base Prospectus is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA, and accordingly, statutory liability under 
the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses does not apply, and the offeree should consider

--- Page 305 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
305 
 
carefully whether the investment is suitable for them. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and Notes will be offered pursuant 
to exemptions under the SFA. 
Accordingly, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, 
or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the 
Notes be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly 
or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than pursuant to an exemption from the offering 
requirements under the SFA. 
Where the Notes are "securities" as defined in the SFA, this includes (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined 
in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA and 
(where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed to or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Where the Notes are "units in a collective investment scheme" as defined in the SFA, this Base Prospectus 
or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of any Notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Notes be offered or sold or made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 304 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 305(5) of the SFA) or to any 
person pursuant to section 305(2) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in section 
305 of the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors)

--- Page 306 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
306 
 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, 
any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 305 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and 
interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that 
corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 305 of the SFA 
except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 305(2) or in Section 305A(3)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 304A(2) or Section 305A(5) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 36 and 36A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Collective Investment Schemes) Regulations 2005 of Singapore. 
Where any underlying securities or units in a collective investment scheme (for purpose of this Singapore 
section only, the Underlyers) are to be delivered in connection with the Notes, such Underlyers may 
similarly only be offered in compliance with the SFA, pursuant to the relevant exemption described 
above. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes and Underlyers 
issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) 
and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore and a 
reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as 
modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be 
applicable at the relevant time. 
Slovakia 
The Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by the National Bank of Slovakia. No 
application has been filed nor has any permission been obtained for admission of Notes to trading on any 
regulated market in Slovakia as defined by Act No. 429/2002 Coll on Stock Exchange, as amended.  
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, each 
Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that:

--- Page 307 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
307 
 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes in Slovakia through a public 
offering, except if in strict compliance with all applicable provisions of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, Act No. 566/2001 Coll on Securities, as amended (the Slovak Securities Act) and 
other laws applicable in Slovakia as well as any guidelines issued by the National Bank of 
Slovakia, as they may be further amended or superseded from time to time; and 
(b) 
it has complied with and will comply with all the laws applicable in Slovakia as well as any 
guidelines issued by the National Bank of Slovakia applicable to the conduct of business in 
Slovakia (including the laws applicable to the provision of investment services and investment 
activities within the meaning of the Slovak Securities Act) in respect of the Notes. 
South Africa 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not and will not offer or sell, or 
solicit any offers for subscription for or sale of, the Notes, or procure the issuance of the Notes, directly 
or indirectly, (i) in South Africa, except in accordance with the South African Companies Act, 2008 (the 
South African Companies Act) pursuant to an offer that falls within an exemption from "an offer to the 
public" set out in section 96(1) of the South African Companies Act and in accordance with any other 
applicable laws or regulations of South Africa in force from time to time (including the Commercial 
Paper Regulations promulgated under Government Notice 2172 (published in Government Gazette No. 
16167 of 14 December 1994) pursuant to the South African Banks Act, 1990, the Financial Advisory 
and Intermediary Services Act, 2002 and the South African Exchange Control Regulations, 1961 
promulgated pursuant to the South African Currency and Exchanges Act, 1933 (the South African 
Exchange Control Regulations) or (ii) to any person who or which is a resident of South Africa except 
in accordance with the South African Exchange Control Regulations. 
This Base Prospectus does not, nor is it intended to, constitute a "registered prospectus" (as that term is 
defined in the South African Companies Act) prepared and registered under the South African 
Companies Act and has not been approved by, or registered with, the South African Companies and 
Intellectual Property Commission or any other South African authority. 
Information made available in this Base Prospectus should not be considered as "advice” as defined in 
the Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 2002. 
Spain 
In addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "European Economic Area" above, each 
Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that, to the extent that the offer of 
Notes under the Programme shall be deemed to be a public offer (oferta pública) or an admission to 
trading in Spain in accordance with the Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October of the Securities 
Markets (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de 
la Ley del Mercado de Valores) (as amended and restated from time to time, the Royal Legislative 
Decree 4/2015) and the Royal Decree 1310/2005 of 4 November, partially developing Law 24/1988, of 
28 July on admission to trading of Securities in official secondary markets, public offerings and 
prospectus (Real Decreto 1310/2005, de 4 de noviembre por el que se desarrolla parcialmente la Ley 
24/1988, de 28 de julio, del Mercado de Valores, en materia de admisión a negociación de valores en 
mercados secundarios oficiales, de ofertas públicas de venta o suscripción y del folleto exigible a tales 
efectos) (as amended and restated from time to time, the Royal Decree 1310/2005), the Notes may only 
be offered, sold (including any subsequent resale of Notes) or distributed by any such Dealer to the public 
in the Kingdom of Spain or admitted to trading in Spain in compliance with the requirements and 
provisions applicable to public offerings and admission to trading in Spain, including, the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, the Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 and the Royal Decree 1310/2005, as amended and

--- Page 308 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
308 
 
restated from time to time, or any other related regulations that may be in force from time to time, as 
further amended, supplemented or restated. 
Sweden 
The Base Prospectus has not been approved by and will not be submitted for approval to the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) for purposes of public offering or sale of Notes in 
Sweden. Accordingly, in addition to the restrictions described in the section entitled "Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors" above, Notes issued under the Programme may not be offered or sold to the 
public in Sweden directly or indirectly, and neither the Base Prospectus nor any other prospectus, 
circular, form of application, advertisement or other material may be reproduced, distributed, or 
otherwise made available in or from, or published in Sweden, except in circumstances which do not 
constitute a public offer of Notes to the public, subject to prospectus requirements, in accordance with 
the provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation and all other applicable legislation and regulation in 
Sweden. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable) and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme and each other offeror will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable) that: 
1. 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Notes to the public in Switzerland, other than 
pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) of the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act 
(FinSA) or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, if the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of any Notes published according to Article 64 FinSA specify "Swiss 
Non-exempt Offer" as applicable, in the "Swiss Offer Period" specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and if consent has been granted to use the Base Prospectus (as completed by the 
applicable Issue Terms) for a public offer in Switzerland in accordance with Article 36(4) 
FinSA; or 
2. 
it has not offered and will not offer, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in Switzerland, 
and have not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed to the public in Switzerland, the Base Prospectus, the applicable Issue Terms or any 
other offering material relating to the Notes, which shall not constitute a prospectus pursuant to 
FinSA, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer or 
distribution does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. 
For these purposes "public offer" refers to the respective definitions in Article 3(g) and (h) FinSA and 
as further detailed in the implementing Financial Services Ordinance (FinSO). 
If Notes qualifying as debt instruments with a "derivative character" (as such expression is understood 
under FinSA) are offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland 
a key information document under Article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für Finanzinstrumente) or 
Article 59(2) FinSA in respect of such Notes must be prepared and published. According to Article 58(2) 
FinSA, no key information document is required for Notes that may only be acquired for private clients 
under an asset management agreement. Other than where the applicable Issue Terms specifies the 
"Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland" to be "Applicable" other than with respect to the 
period(s) of time specified therein, with respect to such period(s), the Notes may not be offered or 
recommended to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland. For these purposes, a 
private client means a person who is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined 
in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or 
(ii) an institutional client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset

--- Page 309 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
309 
 
management agreement according to Article 58(2) FinSA. For these purposes "offer" refers to the 
interpretation of such term in Article 58 FinSA. 
The Notes do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the Swiss 
Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA) and are not subject to the supervision by the 
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, and investors in Notes will not benefit from 
protection under the CISA or supervision by any Swiss regulatory authority. 
Taiwan 
The Notes have not been and will not be approved for sale in Taiwan.  The Notes are not permitted to be 
sold, offered or issued in Taiwan and are not permitted to be made available to Taiwan resident investors 
except (i) outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan; (ii) where applicable, through 
properly licensed intermediaries expressly permitted to make Notes available to their customers under 
applicable Taiwanese laws and regulations; or (iii) as otherwise permitted by applicable Taiwan law and 
regulations. Each subscriber or purchaser of Notes must seek professional advice as to whether he/she/it 
is qualified to subscribe to or purchase Notes and, by purchase of the Notes each subscriber or purchaser 
will be deemed to represent and/or warrant (as applicable) that he/she/it is duly qualified to subscribe to 
or purchase Notes under applicable Taiwan laws and regulations. Purchasers/subscribers may be 
restricted or prohibited from re-selling Notes. 
Republic of Turkey 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable) and each further Dealer will be required to 
represent and/or agree (as applicable) that neither it, nor any of its respective affiliates, nor any person 
acting on its behalf or on behalf of any of its respective affiliates, shall offer or sell the Notes (or any 
beneficial interest therein) in Türkiye in any circumstances which would constitute an offer to the public 
within the meaning of the Capital Markets Law No. 6362 and the Capital Markets Board of Türkiye's 
(the CMB) Communiqué VII-128.4 on the Foreign Capital Markets Instruments, Depositary Receipts 
and Foreign Mutual Fund Units.  Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable) and each 
further Dealer will be required to further represent and/or agree (as applicable) that neither it nor any of 
its affiliates, nor any person acting on its behalf or on behalf of any of its affiliates has or will use any 
prospectus, or other offering material related to the offering in connection with any general offering to 
the public within Türkiye for the purpose of offer or sale of the Notes without prior approval of the CMB 
of Türkiye. Pursuant to Article 15(d)(ii) of Decree No. 32 regarding the protection of the value of the 
Turkish currency, residents of Türkiye may purchase the Notes on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, 
PROVIDED THAT (i) such Notes are traded in the financial markets outside of Türkiye; (ii) such 
purchase is made through banks licensed by the Banking Regulation and Supervisory Agency and/or 
brokerage institutions licensed by the CMB in Türkiye; and (iii) the consideration of the purchase of such 
Notes has been or will be transferred through such licensed banks operating in Türkiye. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that: 
(a) 
the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it 
in the United Arab Emirates (the UAE) other than in compliance with any laws applicable in 
the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of Notes; 
(b) 
the offering of the Notes to be issued under the Programme has not been approved or licensed 
by the UAE Central Bank, the UAE Securities and Commodities Authority (the SCA), the 
Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA), the Financial Services Regulatory Authority 
or any other relevant licensing authorities in the UAE, and accordingly does not constitute an

--- Page 310 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
310 
 
offer of Notes for public subscription in the UAE in accordance with the commercial companies 
law, Federal Decree-Law No. 32 of 2021 (as amended), SCA Resolution No. 9 R.M. of 2016 
Concerning the Regulation of Mutual Funds (as amended), SCA Resolution No. 11 R.M. of 
2016 Concerning the Regulation of Offering and Issuing Shares in Public Joint-Stock 
Companies (as amended) or SCA Resolution No. 3 R.M. of 2017 Concerning the Organisation 
of Promotion and Introductions (together, the SCA Resolutions) or otherwise. Accordingly, the 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may not be offered to the public in the UAE (including 
the Dubai International Financial Centre); and 
(c) 
the Base Prospectus is strictly private and confidential and is being issued to a limited number 
of institutional and individual investors in the UAE: 
(i) 
who fall within the exceptions to the SCA Resolutions and who qualify as Qualified 
Investors as defined under the SCA Resolutions; 
(ii) 
upon their request and confirmation that they understand that the Notes have not been 
approved or licensed by or registered with the UAE Central Bank, the SCA, DFSA or 
any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE; and 
(iii) 
must not be provided to any person other than the original recipient, and may not be 
reproduced. 
Uruguay  
Notes issued under the Programme are not and will not be registered with the Financial Services 
Superintendence of the Central Bank of Uruguay to be publicly offered in Uruguay, but will only be 
placed relying on private placement exemption (oferta privada) pursuant to section 2 of law 18,627. 
None of the Issuers qualify as an investment fund regulated by Uruguayan law 16,774, as amended. Each 
Dealer has represented and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and/or agree (as applicable), that Notes placed in Uruguay will 
be placed relying on a private placement (oferta privada) pursuant to Section 2 of law 18,627. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be amended by the agreement of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMHI) the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and the relevant Dealers. 
Any such amendment will be set out in either the subscription agreement or the dealer accession letter, 
as relevant, and/or the Pricing Supplement issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any 
of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any 
Issue Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where, or under circumstances in which, action for that 
purpose is required and has not been taken. No offers, sales, resales or deliveries of any Notes, or 
distribution of any offering material relating to any Notes, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except 
in circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which 
will not impose any obligation on any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the 
CGMFL Guarantor and/or any Dealer. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this 
Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Issue Terms, in all cases at its own expense, and

--- Page 311 ---
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions 
 
311 
 
none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and any other 
Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 312 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
312 
 
SECTION G.8 – TAXATION OF NOTES 
General 
Purchasers of Notes may be required to pay taxes (including stamp taxes) and other charges in accordance 
with the laws and practices of the country of purchase in addition to the issue price of each Note. 
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING NOTES MAY HAVE TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR 
POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHICH MAY DEPEND, AMONGST OTHER THINGS, UPON 
THE STATUS OF THE POTENTIAL PURCHASER AND LAWS RELATING TO TRANSFER 
AND REGISTRATION TAXES. INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO BE AWARE THAT THE TAX 
LEGISLATION OF THE COUNTRY IN WHICH THE INVESTOR IS RESIDENT AND OF 
THE RELEVANT ISSUER'S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON 
THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHO ARE IN 
ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE TAX POSITION OF ANY ASPECT OF TRANSACTIONS 
INVOLVING NOTES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS. 
Unless otherwise expressly provided below, the relevant Issuer, where the relevant Issuer is CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and, where the relevant Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, give no assurances 
about and do not accept responsibility for the imposition of deductions or withholdings required to be 
made from payments under the Notes for or on account of tax. This statement should be read in 
conjunction with General Conditions 6 (Payments) and 7 (Taxation). In particular, the relevant Issuer, 
where the relevant Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and where the relevant Issuer is CGMFL, 
the CGMFL Guarantor, may make such deductions or withholdings from payments under the Notes as 
required by any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives. If the relevant Issuer or, where 
the relevant Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor or where the relevant Issuer is CGMFL, the 
CGMFL Guarantor, is required to make a deduction or withholding for or on account of tax, it will only 
be required to make additional 'gross-up' payments in the circumstances and subject to the exceptions 
and limitations described in General Condition 7 (Taxation). 
References in this Section G.8 to a "Member State" shall be to a Member State of the EEA. 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
General 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to the 
purchase, ownership and disposition by Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below) of Notes that the Issuer 
treats for U.S. federal income tax purposes as debt instruments or as prepaid forward contracts with 
associated coupon payments, and that are in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes. This 
summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax consequences that may be 
relevant to the decision to purchase the Notes by any particular investor, including tax consequences that 
arise from rules of general application to all taxpayers or to certain classes of taxpayers or that are 
generally believed to be known by investors. For example, this summary does not address the tax 
consequences to (i) persons that may be subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax law, 
such as banks, insurance companies, thrift institutions, regulated investment companies, real estate 
investment trusts, tax-exempt organisations, traders in securities that elect to mark to market for tax 
purposes and dealers in securities, (ii) individual Non-U.S. Holders who recognise gain in respect of a 
Note in a taxable year in which the Non-U.S. Holder is present in the United States for 183 days or more, 
(iii) persons that do not hold the Notes as capital assets, or (iv) except where the context indicates 
otherwise, persons that did not purchase the Notes in the initial offering.

--- Page 313 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
313 
 
This summary is based on the Code, U.S. Treasury regulations and judicial and administrative 
interpretations thereof, in each case as in effect on the date hereof. Changes to any of the foregoing could 
affect the tax consequences described below, possibly with retroactive effect. Further, this summary does 
not describe any tax consequences arising out of the tax laws of any state, local or non-U.S. jurisdiction, 
or any U.S. federal taxes other than income taxes and, to a limited extent, estate taxes. Accordingly, this 
summary does not address alternative minimum tax consequences, special tax accounting rules under 
Section 451(b) of the Code, or the Medicare tax on investment income. Prospective purchasers of the 
Notes should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax 
consequences of owning and disposing of the Notes in light of their own particular circumstances. 
For the purposes hereof, the term "Non-U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of the Notes that is a 
non-resident alien individual, a foreign corporation or a foreign estate or trust. 
If a partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds 
the Notes, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of the partner and upon the 
activities of the partnership. Prospective purchasers that are partnerships should consult their tax advisors 
regarding the tax consequences to their partners of an investment in the Notes. 
This discussion does not address the U.S. federal tax consequences of the ownership or disposition of 
the Deliverable Obligations or Reference Assets that a holder may receive in respect of the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the relevant U.S. federal tax 
consequences of the ownership and disposition of the Deliverable Obligations or Reference Assets. 
This discussion may be supplemented, modified or superseded by further discussion regarding U.S. 
federal tax considerations set out in the applicable Issue Terms, which a prospective purchaser is urged 
to read before making a decision to invest in the relevant Notes. 
Subject to the discussion in the applicable Issue Terms, Notes are not intended for purchase by persons 
other than Non-U.S. Holders. The U.S. federal tax consequences of the ownership of Notes to a U.S. 
person may, depending on the circumstances, be unclear or adverse. 
Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders 
Non-U.S. Notes 
Certain Notes issued by CGMFL (the "Non-U.S. Issuer") to Non-U.S. Holders will be designated as 
"Non-U.S. Notes" in the applicable Issue Terms. For such Notes, subject to certain discussions under 
"Effectively Connected Income", "Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents" and "FATCA", 
the Issuer currently intends to treat payments made with respect to the Notes as not subject to U.S. federal 
withholding tax. 
In General 
This section describes certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to Non- U.S. 
Holders in respect of the Notes and assumes that the Issuer's intended treatment of the Notes as debt 
instruments or prepaid forward contracts with associated payments for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
is respected. The Issuer's intended treatment of the Notes is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS could 
disagree with it, in which case the tax consequences to a Non-U.S. Holder in respect of the Notes could 
be materially adversely affected. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax advisors 
about the risk that the IRS challenges the Issuer's treatment of the Notes. In the case of Credit Linked 
Notes and Index Skew Notes, in particular, please review the discussion under "Possible Alternative Tax 
Treatment" regarding the risk of an alternate treatment of the Notes.

--- Page 314 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
314 
 
Prospective purchasers should also note that an Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts 
with respect to U.S. federal income taxes, if any, withheld, whether by the Issuer or by another 
withholding agent, with respect to Notes that the Issuer indicates in the applicable Issue Terms it will not 
treat as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Certain exceptions to these general rules are discussed below under "Possible Taxable Event", 
"Effectively Connected Income", "Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents" and "FATCA"" 
and therefore this discussion is subject to, and should be read in conjunction with, the discussions 
contained in those sections. 
Notes Treated as Debt 
This section describes certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to Non-U.S. 
Holders in respect of the Notes the Issuer intends to treat as debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Subject to the discussions below, interest payments on a Note issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI (each, 
a "U.S. Issuer") should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax, provided that (1) the Non-U.S. 
Holder does not actually or constructively own 10 per cent. or more of the total combined voting power 
of all classes of stock of the U.S. Issuer entitled to vote, (2) the Non-U.S. Holder is not (i) a controlled 
foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is related to the U.S. Issuer through stock 
ownership or (ii) a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course 
of its trade or business, (3) such interest is not contingent on the U.S. Issuer's profits, revenues or changes 
in the value of its property and is not otherwise excluded from the definition of "portfolio interest" by 
Section 871(h)(4) of the Code, and (4) the Non-U.S. Holder provides a statement signed under penalties 
of perjury that certifies that it is a non-United States person in compliance with applicable requirements 
(generally, an appropriate IRS Form W-8) or satisfies certain documentary evidence requirements for 
establishing that it is a non-United States person. Interest payments on a Note issued by the Non-U.S. 
Issuer generally will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax. Gain realised by a Non-U.S. Holder 
on the taxable disposition of a Note (which excludes amounts attributable to accrued interest) generally 
will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax. 
Notes Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts with Associated Payments 
This section describes certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to Non-U.S. 
Holders in respect of the Notes the Issuer intends to treat as prepaid forward contracts with associated 
payments. With respect to Notes issued by a U.S. Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has withholding 
responsibility in respect of the Notes, it intends to treat periodic payments paid to Non-U.S. Holder as 
subject to withholding at a rate of 30 per cent., unless the Non-U.S. Holder provides a properly executed 
and appropriate IRS Form W-8 claiming eligibility for a reduction of or an exemption from withholding 
under an applicable income tax treaty. A Non-U.S. Holder generally should not be subject to U.S. federal 
withholding or income tax with respect to the taxable disposition of a Note (although any amount 
received in respect of a periodic payment may be treated as subject to withholding). Unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, this discussion also applies to a Note that provides for non-
periodic payment(s) prior to maturity or early retirement. Subject to the discussions below under "Section 
871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents" and "Information Reporting and Backup Withholding", 
payments on a Note issued by the Non-U.S. Issuer generally will not be subject to U.S. federal 
withholding tax. 
Possible Taxable Event  
Certain modifications to the terms of the Notes, including a designation by the Issuer of a Substitute for 
itself, and the designation of a substitute or successor rate or substitute Reference Obligation or successor

--- Page 315 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
315 
 
Reference Entity, could be treated as "significant modifications" of the Notes, in which case the Notes 
will be treated, in whole or part, as retired and reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
In particular, a Restructure Rate Acceptance under the terms of a Restructure Interest Rate Note (as 
defined under "Section H, Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 (Restructure Interest Rate Notes" in 
this Base Prospectus) may result in a significant modification of the affected Notes upon a change to the 
terms and conditions of such Notes. 
In the event of a significant modification, the treatment of the Notes for Non-U.S. Holders, including 
withholding tax consequences, after such a deemed retirement and reissuance could differ from their 
prior treatment. Except where specifically stated, the discussion herein assumes that no such deemed 
retirement and reissuance has occurred. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax 
advisors regarding the consequences of a significant modification of the Notes. 
Possible Alternative Tax Treatment 
Alternative U.S. federal income tax treatments of the Notes are possible that, if applied, could materially 
and adversely affect the timing and/or character of income with respect to the Notes. For instance, a Note 
that the Issuer treats as debt could be treated as one or more instruments other than debt, in which case 
the payments paid on the Note to Non-U.S. Holders may subject to U.S. federal withholding tax. 
In addition, the U.S. Treasury Department (the "Treasury") and the IRS have requested comments on 
various issues regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of "prepaid forward contracts" and similar 
financial instruments and have indicated that such transactions may be the subject of future regulations 
or other guidance. In addition, members of Congress have proposed legislative changes to the tax 
treatment of derivative contracts. Any legislation, Treasury regulations or other guidance promulgated 
after consideration of these issues could materially and adversely affect the tax consequences of an 
investment in the Notes, possibly with retroactive effect. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax 
advisors concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Notes, including 
possible alternative treatments and potential changes in applicable law. 
The Issuer's intended treatment of the Notes is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS could disagree 
with it. If a Note that the Issuer intends to treat as debt were treated as one or more instruments 
other than debt, interest payments on the Note could be subject to withholding at a rate of 30 per 
cent., subject to reduction under an applicable income tax treaty. Moreover, it is possible that other 
withholding agents may withhold on interest payments on the Notes that the Issuer intends to treat 
as debt, and in the future, the Issuer may determine that it is required to so withhold. 
Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents 
Section 871(m) imposes a 30 per cent. (or lower treaty rate) withholding tax on "dividend equivalents" 
paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. Holders with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. 
equities ("Underlying Securities"), as defined under the applicable Treasury regulations, or indices that 
include Underlying Securities. Section 871(m) generally applies to "specified equity-linked instruments" 
("Specified ELIs"), which are financial instruments that substantially replicate the economic 
performance of one or more Underlying Securities, as determined based on tests set forth in the applicable 
Treasury regulations and discussed further below. Section 871(m) provides certain exceptions to this 
withholding regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that meet 
requirements set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations ("Qualified Indices") as well as securities 
that track such indices ("Qualified Index Securities"). 
Although the Section 871(m) regime became effective in 2017, the applicable Treasury regulations, as 
modified by an IRS notice, phase in the application of Section 871(m) as follows:

--- Page 316 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
316 
 
• 
For financial instruments issued prior to 2027, Section 871(m) will generally apply only to 
financial instruments that have a "delta" of one. 
• 
For financial instruments issued in 2027 and thereafter, Section 871(m) will apply if either (i) 
the "delta" of the relevant financial instrument is at least 0.80, if it is a "simple" contract, or (ii) 
the financial instrument meets a "substantial equivalence" test, if it is a "complex" contract. 
Delta is generally defined as the ratio of the change in the fair market value of a financial instrument to 
a small change in the fair market value of the number of shares of the Underlying Security. The 
"substantial equivalence" test measures whether a "complex" contract tracks its "initial hedge" (shares of 
the Underlying Security that would fully hedge the contract) more closely than would a "benchmark" 
simple contract with a delta of 0.80. 
The calculations are generally made at the "calculation date," which is the earlier of (i) the time of pricing 
of the Note, i.e., when all material terms have been agreed on, and (ii) the issuance of the Note. However, 
if the time of pricing is more than 14 calendar days before the issuance of the Note, the calculation date 
is the date of the issuance of the Note. Under these rules, information regarding the Issuer's final 
determinations for the purposes of Section 871(m) may be available only after a Non-U.S. Holder agrees 
to acquire a Note. As a result, a Non-U.S. Holder should acquire such a Note only if it is willing to accept 
the risk that the Note is treated as a Specified ELI subject to withholding under Section 871(m). 
In addition, Notes of a Series that are issued in different Tranches, or otherwise priced on different dates, 
may have different calculation dates for purposes of determining whether they are Specified ELIs. As a 
result, Notes acquired by a Non-U.S. Holder may be Specified ELIs, and therefore subject to withholding 
under Section 871(m), even if other Notes of the same Series are not Specified ELIs. In such a situation, 
a withholding agent may treat all of the Notes in that Series as being subject to Section 871(m) 
withholding if it is not able to distinguish among those Notes. 
If the terms of a Note are subject to a significant modification, as described above in "Possible Taxable 
Event" the Note generally will be treated as reissued for this purpose at the time of the significant 
modification, in which case the Note could become a Specified ELI at that time. 
If a Note is a Specified ELI, withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will, depending on the 
applicable withholding agent's circumstances, generally be required either (i) on the underlying dividend 
payment date or (ii) when cash payments are made on the Note or upon the date of maturity, lapse or 
other disposition of the Note by the Non-U.S. Holder, or possibly upon certain other events. Depending 
on the circumstances, the applicable withholding agent may withhold the required amounts from coupons 
or other payments on the Note, from proceeds of the retirement or other disposition of the Note, or from 
other cash or property of the Non-U.S. Holder held by the withholding agent. 
The dividend equivalent amount will include the amount of any actual or, under certain circumstances, 
estimated dividend. If the dividend equivalent amount is based on the actual dividend, it will be equal to 
the product of: (i) in the case of a "simple" contract, the per-share dividend amount, the number of shares 
of an Underlying Security and the delta; or (ii) in the case of a "complex" contract, the per-share dividend 
amount and the initial hedge. The dividend equivalent amount for Specified ELIs issued prior to 2027 
that have a "delta" of one will be calculated in the same manner as (i) above, using a "delta" of one. The 
per-share dividend amount will be the actual dividend (including any special dividends) paid with respect 
to a share of the Underlying Security. If the dividend equivalent amount is based on an estimated 
dividend, the Issue Terms will generally state the estimated amounts. 
Depending on the terms of a Note and whether or not it is issued prior to 2027, the Issue Terms may 
contain additional information relevant to Section 871(m), such as whether the Note references a 
Qualified Index or Qualified Index Security; whether it is a "simple" contract; the "delta" and the number

--- Page 317 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
317 
 
of shares multiplied by delta (for a "simple" contract); and whether the "substantial equivalence" test is 
met and the initial hedge (for a complex contract). 
The Issuer's determination is binding on Non-U.S. Holders and withholding agents, but it is not binding 
on the IRS. The Section 871(m) regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect to 
Notes linked to Underlying Securities and their application to a specific issue of Notes may be uncertain. 
Accordingly, even if the Issuer determines that certain Notes are not Specified ELIs, the IRS could 
challenge the Issuer's determination and assert that withholding is required in respect of those Notes. 
Moreover, the consequences under Section 871(m) may depend on the particular circumstances of the 
Non-U.S. Holder. For example, if a Non-U.S. Holder enters into other transactions relating to an 
Underlying Security, the Non-U.S. Holder could be subject to withholding tax or income tax liability 
under Section 871(m) even if the relevant Notes are not Specified ELIs subject to Section 871(m) as a 
general matter.  
Prospective purchasers of Notes that are Specified ELIs should consult their tax advisors regarding 
whether they are eligible for a refund of any part of the withholding tax discussed above on the basis of 
an applicable U.S. income tax treaty, as well as the process for obtaining such a refund (which will 
generally require the filing of a U.S. federal income tax return). In some circumstances, including when 
the Issuer or another intermediary performs the withholding required under Section 871(m), it may not 
be possible for a Non-U.S. Holder to obtain the documentation necessary to support a refund claim under 
an applicable treaty. 
Effectively Connected Income 
If a Non-U.S. Holder is engaged in a U.S. trade or business, and if income (including gain) from a Note 
is effectively connected with the conduct of that trade or business, the Non-U.S. Holder generally will 
be subject to regular U.S. federal income tax with respect to that income in the same manner as if the 
Non-U.S. Holder were a U.S. Holder, subject to the provisions of an applicable income tax treaty. If such 
a Non-U.S. Holder is a corporation, the Non-U.S. Holder should also consider the potential application 
of a 30 per cent. (or lower treaty rate) branch profits tax. A Non-U.S. Holder would be required to provide 
an IRS Form W-8ECI to the applicable withholding agent to establish an exemption from withholding 
for amounts, otherwise subject to withholding, paid on a Note. 
U.S. Federal Estate Tax 
An individual Non-U.S. Holder, or an entity the property of which is potentially includible in such an 
individual's gross estate for U.S. federal estate tax purposes (for example, a trust funded by such an 
individual and with respect to which the individual has retained certain interests or powers) should note 
that, absent an applicable treaty exemption, a Note issued by the U.S. Issuer that is not treated as debt for 
U.S. federal estate tax purposes may be treated as U.S.-situs property subject to U.S. federal estate tax. 
A Note issued by the U.S. Issuer that is treated as debt for U.S. federal estate tax purposes generally will 
not be treated as U.S. situs property subject to U.S. federal estate tax if payments on the Note, if received 
by the decedent at the time of death, would not have been subject to U.S. federal withholding or income 
tax because of the exemption from withholding of "portfolio interest". A holder that is such an individual 
or entity should consult its tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal estate tax consequences of investing in 
the Notes. A Note that is issued by the Non-U.S. Issuer generally will not be treated as U.S. situs property. 
Reportable Transactions 
A taxpayer that participates in a "reportable transaction" is subject to information reporting requirements 
under Section 6011 of the Code. "Reportable transactions" include, among other things, certain 
transactions identified by the IRS as well as certain losses recognized in an amount that exceeds a

--- Page 318 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
318 
 
specified threshold level. In 2015, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released notices designating 
certain "basket options", "basket contracts" and substantially similar transactions as reportable 
transactions. An exception to these reporting requirements applies to financial instruments that are treated 
as "variable rate debt instruments" or "contingent payment debt instruments" for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. The notices apply to specified transactions in which a taxpayer or its "designee" has, and 
exercises, discretion to change the assets or an algorithm underlying the transaction. While an exercise 
of the type of discretion that would give rise to such reporting requirements in respect of the Notes is not 
expected, if the Issuer, an index sponsor or calculation agent or other person were to exercise discretion 
under the terms of a Note or an index underlying a Note and were treated as a holder's "designee" for 
these purposes, unless an exception applied (such as the exception for certain categories of debt 
instruments), certain holders of the relevant Notes would be required to report certain information to the 
IRS, as set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations, or be subject to penalties. The Issuer might also 
be required to report information regarding the transaction to the IRS. Holders should consult their tax 
advisors regarding these rules. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Payments on the Notes, as well as the proceeds of a sale, exchange or other disposition (including 
retirement) of the Notes, may be subject to information reporting and, if an investor fails to provide 
certain identifying information (such as an accurate taxpayer identification number for a U.S. Holder) or 
meet certain other conditions, may also be subject to backup withholding at the rate specified in the Code. 
A Non-U.S. Holder that provides the applicable withholding agent with the appropriate IRS Form W-8 
will generally establish an exemption from backup withholding. Amounts withheld under the backup 
withholding rules are not additional taxes and may be refunded or credited against the Non-U.S. Holder's 
U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the relevant information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
FATCA 
Legislation commonly referred to as "FATCA" generally imposes a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on 
payments to certain non-U.S. entities (including financial intermediaries) with respect to certain financial 
instruments, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements (that are in 
addition to, and potentially significantly more onerous than the requirement to deliver an IRS Form W-
8) have been satisfied. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and the non-U.S. 
entity's jurisdiction may modify these requirements. This legislation generally applies to payments of 
U.S.-source "fixed or determinable annual or periodical" (FDAP) income, which includes, among other 
things, interest and certain dividend equivalents (as defined above) under Section 871(m). While the tax 
treatment of Notes that the Issuer treats as prepaid forward contracts with associated coupons is uncertain, 
Non-U.S. Holders should expect that persons having withholding responsibility in respect of those Notes 
will treat the coupons on those Notes as FDAP income for this purpose. While existing Treasury 
regulations would also require withholding on payments of gross proceeds from the disposition 
(including upon retirement) of financial instruments that provide for U.S.-source interest or certain 
dividend equivalents, the U.S. Treasury Department has indicated in subsequent proposed regulations its 
intent to eliminate this requirement. The U.S. Treasury Department has stated that taxpayers may rely on 
these proposed regulations pending their finalisation. A Non-U.S. Holder, or a U.S. person holding Notes 
through a non-U.S. intermediary, should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential application of 
FATCA to the notes, including the availability of certain refunds or credits. 
WE WILL NOT BE REQUIRED TO PAY ANY ADDITIONAL AMOUNTS WITH RESPECT 
TO U.S. FEDERAL WITHHOLDING TAXES. 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF OWNING AND DISPOSING OF THE NOTES ARE 
UNCLEAR. HOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE 
TAX CONSEQUENCES OF OWNING AND DISPOSING OF THE NOTES, INCLUDING THE

--- Page 319 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
319 
 
TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND 
THE POSSIBLE EFFECTS OF CHANGES IN U.S. FEDERAL OR OTHER TAX LAWS. 
UNITED KINGDOM TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the Issuers' understanding of current United Kingdom law and published 
HM Revenue & Customs ("HMRC") practice relating only to the United Kingdom withholding tax 
treatment of payments of interest (as that term is understood for United Kingdom tax purposes) in respect 
of Notes. It does not deal with any other United Kingdom taxation implications of acquiring, holding or 
disposing of Notes. The United Kingdom tax treatment of prospective Noteholders depends on their 
individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. Prospective Noteholders who may 
be subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom or who may be unsure as to their tax 
position should seek their own professional advice. 
Interest on Notes 
Payments of interest on the Notes that do not have a United Kingdom source may be made without 
deduction or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax. If interest paid on the Notes does 
have a United Kingdom source, then payments may be made without deduction or withholding on 
account of United Kingdom income tax in any of the following circumstances. 
Payments of interest on the Notes may be made without deduction or withholding on account of United 
Kingdom income tax PROVIDED THAT the Notes carry a right to interest and the Notes are and 
continue to be listed on a "recognised stock exchange" within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income 
Tax Act 2007. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a recognised stock exchange. The Notes will satisfy 
this requirement if they are officially listed in Luxembourg in accordance with provisions corresponding 
to those generally applicable in EEA states and are admitted to trading on the main market or the Euro 
MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Euronext Dublin is a recognised stock exchange. The 
Notes will satisfy this requirement if they are officially listed in Ireland in accordance with provisions 
corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA states and are admitted to trading on the regulated 
market or the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. The Italian Stock Exchange is a recognised 
stock exchange. The Notes will satisfy this requirement if they are officially listed in Italy in accordance 
with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA states and are admitted to trading on 
the Electronic Bond Market (MOT) of the Italian Stock Exchange. The Frankfurt Stock Exchange is a 
recognised stock exchange. The Notes will satisfy this requirement if they are officially listed in Germany 
in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA states and are admitted 
to trading on the regulated Amtlicher or Geregelter markets of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. Provided, 
therefore that the Notes carry a right to interest and are and remain so listed on a "recognised stock 
exchange", interest on the Notes will be payable without deduction of or withholding on account of 
United Kingdom tax. 
Payments of interest on the Notes may be made without deduction of or withholding on account of United 
Kingdom income tax provided that the Notes carry a right to interest and the Notes are and continue to 
be "admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility" operated by a "recognised stock exchange" 
within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 that is regulated in the UK or the EEA. 
The Vienna MTF is a multilateral trading facility for this purpose. It is operated by the Vienna Stock 
Exchange which is a recognised stock exchange that is regulated in the EEA. The Freiverkehr is a 
multilateral trading facility for this purpose. It is operated by the Frankfurt Stock Exchange which is a 
recognised stock exchange that is regulated in the EEA. Provided, therefore, that the Notes carry a right 
to interest and are and remain admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility operated by a 
recognised stock exchange that is regulated in the EEA, interest on the Notes will be payable without 
deduction of or withholding on account of United Kingdom tax.

--- Page 320 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
320 
 
Payments of interest on the Notes may be made without deduction or withholding on account of United 
Kingdom tax where the maturity of the Notes is less than 365 days and those Notes do not form part of 
a scheme or arrangement of borrowing intended to be capable of remaining outstanding for more than 
364 days. 
In other cases, an amount must generally be withheld from payments of interest on the Notes that has a 
United Kingdom source on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per 
cent.), subject to any other available exemptions and reliefs. However, where an applicable double tax 
treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) in relation to a 
Noteholder, HMRC can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay interest to the Noteholder without deduction 
of tax (or for interest to be paid with tax deducted at the rate provided for in the relevant double tax 
treaty). 
An amount may also be required to be withheld from payments on the Notes that have a United Kingdom 
source and are not interest, but are nevertheless treated as annual payments or manufactured payments 
for United Kingdom tax purposes, on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate. However, 
where an applicable double tax treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be 
withheld) in relation to a Noteholder, HMRC can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay annual payments to 
the Noteholder without deduction of tax (or for annual payments to be paid with tax deducted at the rate 
provided for in the relevant double tax treaty). 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues.  Prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, 
local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. Please be aware that 
the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg income tax 
assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a similar 
nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. . Also, please note 
that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des 
collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge 
(contribution au fonds pour l'emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. 
Prospective investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other 
duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income taxes, municipal business tax, as well as the solidarity 
surcharge invariably apply to most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. 
Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under 
certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a 
professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well. 
Taxation of the holders of Notes 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments 
of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes.

--- Page 321 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
321 
 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 
2005, as amended (the "Relibi Law"), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption 
or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be 
in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of 
the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be 
assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent, if any. 
Accordingly, payments of interest under Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will 
be subject to withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent. 
AUSTRIAN TAXATION 
This section on taxation contains a brief summary of the Issuer(s) understanding with regard to certain 
important principles which are of significance in connection with the purchase, holding or sale of the 
Notes in Austria. This summary does not purport to exhaustively describe all possible tax aspects and 
does not deal with specific situations which may be of relevance for certain potential investors. The 
following comments are rather of a general nature and included in this Base Prospectus solely for 
information purposes. They are not intended to be, nor should they be construed to be, legal or tax advice. 
This summary is based on the currently applicable tax legislation, case law and regulations of the tax 
authorities, as well as their respective interpretation, all of which may be amended from time to time. 
Such amendments may possibly also be effected with retroactive effect and may negatively impact the 
tax consequences described. It is recommended that potential investors in the Notes consult with their 
legal and tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, holding or sale of the Notes. Tax risks 
resulting from the Notes (in particular from a potential qualification as a foreign investment fund within 
the meaning of sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011 (Investmentfondsgesetz 2011)) shall 
in any case be borne by the investor. This summary applies to Notes that are certified and legally and 
factually offered to an indefinite number of persons in the sense of sec. 27a(2)(2) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz). Deviating rules may apply to Notes that are uncertificated and/or not 
legally and factually offered to an indefinite number of persons. 
General remarks 
Individuals having a domicile (Wohnsitz) and/or their habitual abode (gewöhnlicher Aufenthalt), both as 
defined in sec. 26 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Code (Bundesabgabenordnung), in Austria are liable to 
income tax (Einkommensteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited income tax liability; 
unbeschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). Individuals having neither a domicile nor their habitual abode 
in Austria are liable to income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources (limited income tax 
liability; beschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). 
Corporate entities (Körperschaften) having their place of management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung) and/or 
their legal seat (Sitz), both as defined in sec. 27 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Code, in Austria are liable 
to corporate income tax (Körperschaftsteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited corporate 
income tax liability; unbeschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). Corporate entities having neither their 
place of management nor their legal seat in Austria are liable to corporate income tax only on income

--- Page 322 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
322 
 
from 
certain 
Austrian 
sources 
(limited 
corporate 
income 
tax 
liability; 
beschränkte 
Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). 
Both in case of unlimited and limited (corporate) income tax liability Austria's right to tax may be 
restricted by double taxation treaties. 
Income taxation 
Pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the term investment income (Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen) comprises: 
(a) 
income from the letting of capital (Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von Kapital) pursuant to sec. 
27(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including dividends and interest; the tax basis is the 
amount of the earnings received (sec. 27a(3)(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act);  
(b) 
income from realised increases in value (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) pursuant 
to sec. 27(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including gains from the alienation, redemption 
and other realisation of assets that lead to income from the letting of capital, (including zero 
coupon bonds); the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the 
acquisition costs, in each case including accrued interest (sec. 27a(3)(2)(a) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act); 
(c) 
income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) pursuant to sec. 27(4) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act, including cash settlements, option premiums received and income from the 
sale or other realisation of forward contracts like options, futures and swaps and other 
derivatives such as index certificates (the mere exercise of an option does not trigger tax 
liability); e.g., in the case of index certificates, the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or 
the redemption amount minus the acquisition costs (sec. 27a(3)(3)(c) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act); and 
(d) 
income from cryptocurrencies (Einkünfte aus Kryptowährungen) pursuant to sec. 27(4a) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act. 
Also the withdrawal of the Notes from a securities account (Depotentnahme) and circumstances leading 
to a restriction of Austria's taxation right regarding the Notes vis-à-vis other countries, e.g., a relocation 
from Austria (Wegzug), are in general deemed to constitute a sale (cf. sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act). The tax basis amounts to the fair market value minus the acquisition costs (sec. 
27a(3)(2)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Notes as non-business assets 
are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act. Investment income from the Notes with an Austrian nexus (inländische Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen), basically meaning income paid by an Austrian paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) or 
an Austrian custodian agent (depotführende Stelle) within the meaning of sec. 95(2) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act, is subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent.; no 
additional income tax is levied over and above the amount of tax withheld (final taxation pursuant to sec. 
97(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Investment income from the Notes without an Austrian nexus 
must be included in the investor's income tax return and is subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 
per cent. In both cases upon application the option exists to tax all income subject to income tax at a flat 
rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act at the progressive income tax rate (option to 
regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The acquisition costs must not 
include ancillary acquisition costs (Anschaffungsnebenkosten; sec. 27a(4)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act). Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian

--- Page 323 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
323 
 
Income Tax Act); this also applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. Sec. 27(8) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act, inter alia, provides for the following restrictions on the offsetting of losses: negative 
income from the realisation of assets that lead to income from the letting of capital, from derivatives and 
from cryptocurrencies may be neither offset against interest from bank accounts and other non-
securitised monetary claims vis-à-vis credit institutions (except for cash settlements and lending fees) 
nor against income from private foundations, foreign private law foundations and other comparable legal 
estates (Privatstiftungen, ausländische Stiftungen oder sonstige Vermögensmassen, die mit einer 
Privatstiftung vergleichbar sind); income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act may not be offset against income subject to the progressive income tax rate 
(this equally applies in case of an exercise of the option to regular taxation); negative investment income 
not already offset against positive investment income may not be offset against other types of income. 
The Austrian custodian agent has to effect the offsetting of losses by taking into account all of a taxpayer's 
securities accounts with the custodian agent, in line with sec. 93(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, and 
to issue a written confirmation to the taxpayer to this effect. 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Notes as business assets are 
subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act. Investment income from the Notes with an Austrian nexus is subject to withholding tax at a flat 
rate of 27.5 per cent. While withholding tax has the effect of final taxation for income from the letting of 
capital, other types of investment income must be included in the investor's income tax return (but are 
nevertheless subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent.). Investment income from the Notes 
without an Austrian nexus must always be included in the investor's income tax return and is subject to 
income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent. In both cases upon application the option exists to tax all income 
subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act at the lower 
progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act). The flat tax rate does not apply to income from realised increases in value of financial assets, 
from derivatives and income from cryptocurrencies if realising these types of income constitutes a key 
area of the respective investor's business activity (sec. 27a(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Expenses 
such as bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); 
this also applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. Pursuant to sec. 6(2)(c) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act, depreciations to the lower fair market value and losses from the alienation, redemption 
and other realisation of financial assets, derivatives and cryptocurrencies in the sense of sec. 27(3) to (4a) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act, which are subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent., are 
primarily to be offset against income from realised increases in value and appreciations in value of such 
assets within the same business unit (Wirtschaftsgüter desselben Betriebes); only 55 per cent. of the 
remaining negative difference may be offset against other types of income. 
Pursuant to sec. 7(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuergesetz), corporate 
entities subject to unlimited corporate income tax liability in Austria are subject to corporate income tax 
on income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Notes at a rate of 23 per 
cent.. Income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Notes with an Austrian 
nexus is generally subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. However, pursuant to sec. 
93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the withholding agent may apply a rate of 23 per cent., if the 
debtor of the withholding tax is a corporate entity. Such withholding tax can be credited against the 
corporate income tax liability. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(5) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act withholding tax is not levied in the first place. Losses from the alienation of the Notes can be offset 
against other income. 
Pursuant to sec. 13(3)(1) in connection with sec. 22(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act, private 
foundations (Privatstiftungen) pursuant to the Austrian Private Foundations Act (Privatstiftungsgesetz) 
fulfilling the prerequisites contained in sec. 13(3) and (6) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act and 
holding the Notes as non-business assets are subject to interim taxation at a rate of 23 per cent. on

--- Page 324 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
324 
 
generally interest income, income from realised increases in value of assets that lead to income from the 
letting of capital, income from cryptocurrencies and income from derivatives (inter alia, if the derivatives 
are in the form of securities). Pursuant to the Austrian tax authorities' view, the acquisition costs must 
not include ancillary acquisition costs. Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not be 
deducted (sec. 12(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). Interim tax is generally not triggered 
insofar as distributions subject to withholding tax are made to beneficiaries in the same tax period. 
Investment income from the Notes with an Austrian nexus is generally subject to withholding tax at a 
flat rate of 27.5 per cent. However, pursuant to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the 
withholding agent may apply a rate of 23 per cent. , if the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporate 
entity. Such withholding tax can be credited against the tax triggered Under the conditions set forth in 
sec. 94(12) of the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is not levied. 
Individuals and corporate entities subject to limited (corporate) income tax liability in Austria are taxable 
on income from the Notes if they have a permanent establishment (Betriebsstätte) in Austria and the 
Notes are attributable to such permanent establishment (cf. sec. 98(1)(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, 
sec. 21(1)(1) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). In addition, individuals subject to limited 
income tax liability in Austria are also taxable on interest in the sense of sec. 27(2)(2) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act and accrued interest (including from zero coupon bonds) in the sense of sec. 27(6)(5) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Notes if the (accrued) interest has an Austrian nexus and if 
withholding tax is levied on such (accrued) interest. This does not apply to an individual being resident 
in a state with which automatic exchange of information exists, if the individual provides a certificate of 
residence to the withholding agent. Interest with an Austrian nexus is interest whose debtor has its place 
of management and/or its legal seat in Austria or is an Austrian branch of a non-Austrian credit 
institution; accrued interest with an Austrian nexus is accrued interest from securities issued by an 
Austrian issuer (sec. 98(1)(5)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The Issuer(s) understand that no 
taxation applies in this respect. 
Pursuant to sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011, the term "foreign investment fund" 
comprises (i) undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities whose member state of 
origin is not Austria; (ii) alternative investment funds pursuant to the Austrian Alternative Investment 
Fund Managers Act (Alternative Investmentfonds Manager-Gesetz) whose state of origin is not Austria; 
and (iii) secondarily, undertakings subject to a foreign jurisdiction, irrespective of the legal form they are 
organised in, whose assets are invested according to the principle of risk-diversification on the basis 
either of a statute, of the undertaking's articles or of customary exercise, if one of the following conditions 
is fulfilled: (a) the undertaking is factually, directly or indirectly, not subject to a corporate income tax 
in its state of residence that is comparable to Austrian corporate income tax; (b) the profits of the 
undertaking are in its state of residence subject to corporate income tax that is comparable to Austrian 
corporate income tax, at a rate of less than 13 per cent. ; or (c) the undertaking is subject to a 
comprehensive personal or material tax exemption in its state of residence. Certain collective investment 
vehicles investing in real estate are exempted. In case of a qualification as a foreign investment fund, the 
tax consequences would substantially differ from those described above: A special type of transparency 
principle would be applied, pursuant to which generally both distributed income as well as deemed 
income would be subject to Austrian (corporate) income tax.  
Inheritance and gift taxation 
Currently, Austria does not levy inheritance or gift tax.  
Certain gratuitous transfers of assets to private law foundations and comparable legal estates 
(privatrechtliche Stiftungen und damit vergleichbare Vermögensmassen) are subject to foundation 
transfer tax (Stiftungseingangssteuer) pursuant to the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act 
(Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz) if the transferor and/or the transferee at the time of transfer have a 
domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat and/or their place of management in Austria. Certain

--- Page 325 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
325 
 
exemptions apply in cases of transfers mortis causa of financial assets within the meaning of sec. 27(3) 
and (4) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (except for participations in corporations) if income from such 
financial assets is subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act. The tax basis is the fair market value of the assets transferred minus any debts, calculated at the time 
of transfer. The tax rate generally is 2.5 per cent., with higher rates applying in special cases. 
In addition, there is a special notification obligation for gifts of money, receivables, shares in 
corporations, participations in partnerships, businesses, movable tangible assets and intangibles if the 
donor and/or the donee have a domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat and/or their place of 
management in Austria. Not all gifts are covered by the notification obligation: In case of gifts to certain 
related parties, a threshold of EUR50,000 per year applies; in all other cases, a notification is obligatory 
if the value of gifts made exceeds an amount of EUR15,000 during a period of five years. Furthermore, 
gratuitous transfers to foundations falling under the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act described 
above are also exempt from the notification obligation. Intentional violation of the notification obligation 
may trigger fines of up to 10 per cent. of the fair market value of the assets transferred. 
Further, gratuitous transfers of the Notes may trigger income tax at the level of the transferor pursuant to 
sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (see above). 
BELGIAN TAXATION 
Set out below is a summary of certain Belgian tax consequences of acquiring, holding and selling Notes. 
This summary is not intended to be an exhaustive description of all relevant Belgian tax considerations 
and the investors should consult their professional tax advisors regarding the Belgian tax and other tax 
consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties for the avoidance of double taxation) 
of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their particular circumstances. The description of certain 
taxes in the Kingdom of Belgium ("Belgium") set out below is for general information only and does not 
purport to be comprehensive. In particular, it does not cover the situation of non-residents nor the tax 
treatment of securities which may be received upon repurchase or settlement of the Notes. 
This summary is based on current legislation, published case law and other published guidelines and 
regulations as in force at the date of this document and remains subject to any future amendments, which 
may or may not have retroactive effect. Each investor should consult a professional adviser with respect 
to the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes, taking into account the applicable terms and the 
inﬂuence of each regional, local, federal or national law. 
Any payment of interest (as defined by Belgian tax law) on the Notes made through a paying agent or 
other financial intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to Belgian withholding tax on the 
gross amount of the interest, currently at the rate of 30 per cent. 
For Belgian tax purposes, if interest is in a foreign currency, it is converted into euro at the exchange rate 
applicable on the date of payment or attribution. 
Belgian income tax 
Variable Income 
If the repurchase, redemption or exercise by the Issuer(s) is in full or in part settled by means of a delivery 
of securities or other assets, interest includes any positive difference between the sales value of those 
assets on the date of their payment or attribution and the initial issue price of the Notes.  
Under Belgian tax law, 'interest' income includes: (i) periodic interest income; (ii) any amount paid by 
the Issuer(s) in excess of the Issue Price; and (iii) only if the Notes qualify as 'ﬁxed income securities' (in

--- Page 326 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
326 
 
the meaning of Article 2, §1, 8° Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992), in the case of a realisation of the 
Notes between two interest payment dates, the pro rata interest accrued during the holding period. In 
general, securities are qualified as 'fixed income securities' if there is a causal link between the amount 
of interest income and the holding period of the security, on the basis of which it is possible to calculate 
the amount of pro rata interest income at the moment of the sale of the Securities during their lifetime. 
On 25 January 2013, the Belgian tax authorities issued a circular letter on the Belgian tax treatment of 
income from structured securities characterised by an uncertain return on investment due to the variation 
of the coupons or the repayment terms at maturity, such as securities whose return is linked to the 
evolution of underlying products. According to the circular letter, the transfer of structured securities to 
a third party (other than the issuer) results in taxation as interest income of the "pro rata interest", 
calculated on an unclear formulae. In addition, any amount paid in excess of the initial issue price upon 
redemption or repayment of the structured securities by the issuer is considered as interest for Belgian 
tax purposes. It is highly debatable whether the circular letter is in line with Belgian tax legislation. 
Furthermore, it is unclear whether the Belgian tax authorities will seek to apply the principles set out in 
the circular letter to the Notes. 
In the event interest is paid in the form of delivery of listed securities, the market value of those securities 
will be deemed at least equal to the closing price on the day prior to the date of the payment or attribution 
based on information in the specialised financial press and/or via specialised electronic data bases. If the 
Notes are not listed on a Belgian or similar foreign market, then the taxpayer needs to determine the sales 
value under the supervision of the tax administration. 
It is assumed that any gains realised upon redemption or repayment by the Issuer will indeed be viewed 
as interest by the Belgian tax authorities (and any such gains are therefore referred to as "interest" for the 
purposes of the following paragraphs), but that the effective taxation of the "pro rata interest" in case of 
sale to a third party (i.e. other than the Issuer(s)) would not be possible, on the basis that it is currently 
impossible to determine the amount of the "pro rata interest". 
Repayment or redemption by the Issuer(s) 
• 
Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques), who are holding the Notes as a private 
investment are subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Notes in Belgium. Other 
rules may be applicable in special situations, in particular when Belgian resident individuals 
acquire the Notes for professional purposes or when their transactions with respect to the Notes 
fall outside the scope of the normal management of their own private estate or are speculative 
in nature. 
Payments of interest (as defined above) on the Notes made through a paying agent or other 
financial intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax 
in Belgium (calculated on the interest received after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding 
taxes). The Belgian withholding tax constitutes in principle the final income tax for Belgian 
resident individuals. This means that they do not have to declare the interest obtained on the 
Notes in their personal income tax return, provided Belgian withholding tax was effectively 
levied on these interest payments. 
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest on the Notes in their 
personal income tax return if that is beneficial from a tax perspective. Also, if the interest is 
paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent or other financial 
intermediary, the interest received (after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must 
be declared in the personal income tax return. Interest income which is declared this way will

--- Page 327 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
327 
 
in principle be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. (or at the relevant progressive personal income 
tax rate(s), taking into account the taxpayer's other declared income, whichever is more 
beneficial) and no local surcharges will be due. If the interest income is declared, the Belgian 
withholding tax levied may be credited against the personal income tax liability and any excess 
will be refundable. 
• 
Belgian resident companies  
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
(Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés), are subject to the following tax treatment with 
respect to the Notes in Belgium. 
Interest received by Belgian resident companies on the Notes will be subject to Belgian 
corporate income tax at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of 25 per cent.. Small and 
medium-sized companies are taxable – subject to conditions – at a reduced corporate tax rate of 
20 per cent. for the first EUR100,000 of taxable profits. If the income has been subject to a 
foreign withholding tax, a foreign tax credit will be applied on the Belgian tax due. For interest 
income, the foreign tax credit is generally equal to a fraction where the numerator is equal to 
the foreign tax and the denominator is equal to 100 minus the rate of the foreign tax, up to a 
maximum of 15/85 of the net amount received (subject to some further limitations). Capital 
losses are in principle tax deductible.  
Interest payments (as defined above) on the Notes made through a paying agent or other 
financial intermediary in Belgium are in principle subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax, but 
can be exempt from Belgian withholding tax, PROVIDED THAT certain formalities are 
complied with (articles 108 and 117, §12 of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing 
the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992). For zero or capitalisation bonds, an exemption from 
withholding tax will only apply if the Belgian company and the Issuer(s) are associated 
companies within the meaning of article 105, 6°, b of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 
implementing the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992. The withholding tax that has been levied 
is creditable in accordance with the applicable legal provisions and any excess will be 
refundable. 
• 
Belgian non-profit legal entities 
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
(Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales), are subject to the following tax 
treatment with respect to the Notes in Belgium. 
Payments of interest on the Notes made through a paying agent or other financial intermediary 
in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium and no 
further tax on legal entities will be due on the interest. 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying 
agent or other financial intermediary and without the deduction of Belgian withholding tax, the 
Belgian non-profit legal entity itself is responsible for declaring the interest income and for the 
payment of the 30 per cent. withholding tax.  
Sale to a third party  
No Belgian withholding tax should in principal apply to the Notes. 
• 
Belgian resident individuals

--- Page 328 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
328 
 
Subject to the assumptions stated above under the heading "Variable Income", Belgian resident 
individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques), are currently not liable to Belgian income 
tax on the capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Notes to a third party, PROVIDED 
THAT the Notes have not been used for their professional activity and that the capital gain is 
realised within the framework of the normal management of their private estate and is not 
speculative in nature. Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Notes held as a non-
professional investment are in principle not tax deductible. 
However, capital gains on the Notes may be subject to a 33 per cent. Belgian income tax (plus 
local surcharges) if they are deemed to be speculative or outside the scope of the normal 
management of a private estate. Capital losses arising from such transactions are not tax 
deductible, except for losses incurred in the previous five years which can be deducted from 
gains realised on such type of transactions. 
Capital gains realised upon transfer of Notes held for professional purposes are taxable at the 
ordinary progressive income tax rates (plus local surcharges), except for Notes held for more 
than five years as fixed assets, which are taxable at a separate rate of 16.5 per cent. (plus local 
surcharges). Capital losses on the Notes incurred by Belgian resident individuals holding the 
Notes for professional purposes are in principle tax deductible. 
• 
Belgian resident companies 
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
(Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés), are liable to Belgian corporate income tax on the 
capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Notes to a third party, irrespective of whether 
such Notes relate to shares or other underlying assets or indices. The current standard corporate 
income tax rate in Belgium is 25 per cent.. Small and medium-sized companies benefit from a 
20 per cent. corporate tax rate on the first EUR100,000 of taxable profits, subject to conditions. 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Notes are in principle tax deductible. 
• 
Belgian non-profit legal entities 
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
(Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales), are currently not liable to Belgian 
income tax on capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Notes to a third party. 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Notes are in principle not tax deductible. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
The sale and acquisition of the Notes on the secondary market is subject to stock exchange tax (Taks op 
de beursverrichtingen/Taxe sur les opérations de bourse) will be levied on the acquisition and disposal 
of the Notes for consideration on the secondary market executed through a professional intermediary in 
Belgium or if the order is transmitted directly or indirectly to a financial intermediary established outside 
of Belgium by either a physical person with habitual residence in Belgium or by a legal person for the 
account of a seat or establishment located in Belgium. The tax is due separately from each party to any 
such transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee), and in both cases collected by 
the professional intermediary. Where the intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax will be 
due by the party giving the order, save where evidence is provided that the tax was already paid.

--- Page 329 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
329 
 
The tax rate is in principle 0.12 per cent for transactions in debt instruments (such as bonds) and 0.35 per 
cent. for transactions in other securities with a maximum amount of EUR1,300 per transaction and per 
party and EUR1,600 per transaction and per party. 
However, the tax referred to above will not be payable if no professional intermediary intervenes in the 
transaction or, even if a professional intermediary intervenes in the transaction, for transactions by 
exempt persons acting for their own account, including investors who are Belgian non-residents provided 
they deliver an affidavit to the financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status 
and certain Belgian institutional investors, as defined in Article 126-1, 2  of the Code of various duties 
and taxes (Wetboek diverse rechten en taksen/Code des droits et taxes divers). Transactions on the 
primary market are not subject to the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
As stated above, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common 
financial transactions tax (the "FTT"). The proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into 
force, the participating Member States (including Belgium for the time being) shall not maintain or 
introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the EU Council 
Directive 2006/112/EC on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock 
exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. The FTT proposal is still 
subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore may be changed at any 
time.  
Annual Tax on securities accounts 
The Law of 17 February 2021 introduced an annual tax on securities accounts (Jaarlijkse taks op de 
effectenrekeningen/Taxe annuelle sur les comptes-titres).  An annual tax of 0.15 per cent ("Annual Tax 
on Securities Accounts") is levied on securities accounts of which the average value of the taxable 
financial instruments (covering, amongst others, financial instruments such as bonds, notes and warrants) 
held thereon during a reference period of twelve consecutive months (in principle) starting on 1 October 
and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year, would exceed EUR 1 million. The tax base is 
established by reference to four reference dates, i.e. 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September. 
The tax base is the sum of the values of the taxable financial instruments at the different reference points 
in time (i.e. 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September) divided by the number of those reference 
points in time.  The applicable tax rate is equal to the lowest amount of either 0.15 per cent. of the average 
value of the account or 10 per cent. of the difference between the average value of the account and EUR 
1,000,000. The tax targets securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and other legal 
entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary which is 
incorporated or established in Belgium or abroad.  The tax also applies to securities accounts held by 
non-resident individuals, companies and other legal entities with a financial intermediary incorporated 
or established in Belgium. There are various exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific 
types of regulated entities for their own account. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank and 
foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in Article 
198/1, §6, 12° of the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm 
as defined by Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions 
and stockbroking firms and (iv) the investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 25 
October 2016 on access to the activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision of 
portfolio management and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted 
to hold financial instruments for the account of clients. 
A Belgian intermediary is an intermediary incorporated under Belgian law, as well as an intermediary 
established in Belgium.  A Belgian intermediary withholds, declares and pays the tax to the Belgian 
treasury.

--- Page 330 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
330 
 
Intermediaries not incorporated or established in Belgium have the possibility, when managing a 
securities account subject to the tax, to appoint a responsible representative established in Belgium, who 
will be approved by or on behalf of the Minister of Finance ("Annual Tax on Securities Accounts 
Representative"). The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative is jointly and severally liable 
for the declaration and payment of the tax and for all other formalities. 
In cases where no intermediary has withheld, declared and paid the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts, 
the holder of the securities account needs to declare and pay the tax, unless the holder can prove that the 
tax has already been withheld, declared and paid by either a Belgian intermediary or an Annual Tax on 
Securities Accounts Representative of a foreign intermediary. 
Certain specific transactions regarding securities accounts executed as from 30 October 2020 were not 
effective vis-à-vis the Belgian tax authorities, i.e. splitting of a securities account in multiple securities 
accounts held with the same financial intermediary and the conversion of taxable financial instruments 
held in a securities account in financial instruments in registered form. In addition, a general anti-abuse 
provision was introduced in the Code of various duties and taxes with effect from 30 October 2020.  The 
specific anti-abuse provision, as well as the retroactive date of entry into force of the general anti-abuse 
provision in relation to the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts were, however, annulled by the Belgian 
Constitutional Court in its decision n° 138/2022 of 27 October 2022. 
The Law of 17 February 2021 entered into force on 26 February 2021, i.e. the day following its 
publication in the Belgian State Gazette, which is now also the date on which the general anti-abuse 
provision took effect in relation to the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts.  The current reference period 
started on 1 October 2023 and will end on 30 September 2024, with 31 December 2023, 31 March, 30 
June and 30 September 2024 as reference dates. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers in relation to this Annual Tax on Securities Accounts. 
Belgian estate and gift tax 
Individuals resident in Belgium  
An estate tax is levied on the value of the Notes transferred as part of a Belgian resident's estate.  
Gifts of Notes in Belgium are subject to gift tax, unless the gift is made by way of a purely physical 
delivery of bearer securities (if any) or otherwise without written evidence of the gift being submitted to 
the Belgian tax administration for registration purposes. However, estate taxes on donated Notes are 
avoided only if a person can demonstrate that the gift (not subject to gift tax) occurred more than three 
years (five years in the Walloon and Brussels Region) preceding the death of the grantor. 
Individuals not resident in Belgium 
There is no Belgian estate tax on the transfer of Notes on the death of a Belgian non-resident. 
Gifts of Notes in Belgium are subject to gift tax, unless the gift is made by way of a purely physical 
delivery of bearer securities (if any) or otherwise without written evidence of the gift being submitted to 
the Belgian tax administration for registration purposes. 
REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS 
The following is a general summary of certain tax aspects of the Notes under Cypriot law practice in 
force and applied as at the date of this Base Prospectus and does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all tax aspects relating to Notes. This summary does not analyse the tax position of the

--- Page 331 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
331 
 
Issuer(s) and it does not constitute, nor should it be construed as, tax or legal advice. Prospective 
investors should consult their tax and other professional advisers as to the specific tax consequences of 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and of receiving interest on any Notes. 
Introduction 
In accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Law, Law 118(I)/2002 (as amended) (the "Income 
Tax Law") a person (natural or legal) is liable to tax on its worldwide income on the basis of residency.  
A person is deemed resident in Cyprus for the purposes of the Income Tax Law if one satisfies either the 
'183 day rule' or the '60 day rule' for the tax year. 
The '183 day rule' for Cyprus tax residency is satisfied for individuals who spend more than 183 days in 
any one calendar year in Cyprus. 
The '60 day rule' for Cyprus tax residency is satisfied for individuals who, in the relevant tax year: 
• 
do not reside in any other single country for a period exceeding 183 days in aggregate 
• 
are not considered tax resident by any other country 
• 
reside in Cyprus for at least 60 days, and 
• 
have other defined Cyprus ties. 
In the case of a company, its management and control is exercised in Cyprus. The tax year for the 
purposes of the Income Tax Law coincides with the calendar year. 
Non-Cyprus tax residents are taxed on income derived from sources in Cyprus or from a business activity 
which is carried out through a permanent establishment in Cyprus. A company is regarded as having a 
"permanent establishment" in Cyprus, if it has a fixed base of business through which the business is 
carried out fully or partially, including a management base, a branch or an office. 
Interest Income 
Non-Cyprus Tax Residents 
Persons (natural and legal) who are not resident for tax purposes pursuant to the provisions of the Income 
Tax Law will not be liable for any income tax or for the special contribution defence tax (as described 
below). Payments of interest made by the Issuer to such persons will not be subject to any Cyprus 
withholding taxes. 
Cyprus tax resident individuals 
Interest income received by or credited to a Cyprus tax resident individual is subject to special defence 
contribution levy at the rate of 30 per cent. pursuant to the provisions of the Special Defence Contribution 
Law, Law 117(I)/2002 (as amended) (the "SCDF Law"). Interest received or credited by a Cyprus tax 
resident individual, considered to arise in the ordinary course of the individual's business or considered 
closely connected thereto shall be treated as personal income and subject to income tax pursuant to the 
Income Tax Law. 
Cyprus tax resident companies that pay interest in respect of which special contribution defence tax is 
due to Cyprus tax resident individuals are obliged to withhold the special contribution defence tax at 
source and remit the tax to the Cypriot tax authorities.

--- Page 332 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
332 
 
Cyprus non-domiciled individuals 
An individual who is a tax resident of Cyprus under the provisions of the Income Tax Law, but is "non- 
domiciled" in the Republic of Cyprus, will be exempt from special defence contribution levy described 
above. Therefore, tax residents but non-domiciled individuals will enjoy interest payments income free 
from special defence contribution levy in Cyprus. 
Cyprus non-domiciled individuals 
An individual who is a tax resident of Cyprus under the provisions of the Income Tax Law, but is "non 
domiciled" in the Republic of Cyprus, will be exempt from special defence contribution levy described 
above. Therefore, tax residents but non-domiciled individuals will enjoy interest payments income free 
from special defence contribution levy in Cyprus. 
Cyprus tax resident companies 
Any interest accruing or received by a Cyprus resident company which is considered to arise in the 
ordinary course of the business or is considered closely connected thereto shall be subject only to 
(corporate) income tax at the rate of 12.50 per cent. Such income will not be liable to any tax under the 
SCDF Law. 
Interest income not arising in the ordinary course of business or being considered closely connected 
thereto shall be exempt from (corporate) income tax and shall be subject to tax under the SCDF Law at 
the rate of 30 per cent. 
Profit from the Disposal of the Notes 
Any gains derived from the disposal of Notes by a Cyprus resident individual or company are exempt 
from income tax in Cyprus. 
PROVIDED THAT Notes would fall under the definitions of securities (as this was provided by the 
Cypriot tax authorities as stated in the paragraph below) any gains from the disposal of Notes are not 
subject to Cyprus income tax, irrespective of the trading nature of the gain, the number of Notes held or 
the period for which the Notes were held. Any gain is also outside the scope of application of the Capital 
Gains Tax Law 1980-2002 (as amended). 
The Cyprus tax authorities have issued a circular interpreting the term "securities" as "shares, bonds, 
debentures, founders' shares and other securities of companies or other legal persons, incorporated in 
Cyprus or abroad and options thereof". Moreover it was further clarified that this term also includes 
options on the aforementioned securities, short positions on the aforementioned securities, 
futures/forwards on the aforementioned securities, swaps on aforementioned securities, depositary 
receipts on the aforementioned securities (ADRs, GDRs), rights of claim on bonds and debentures (rights 
on interest of these instruments are not included), index participations only if they result on the 
aforementioned securities, repurchase agreements or repos on the aforementioned securities, units in 
open-end or close-end collective investment schemes. Promissory notes or similar instruments would not 
fall under the definition of securities. 
It is not clear if the Notes would fall under the definition of the terms securities as explained above or if 
these would be considered as promissory notes or similar instruments and for this reason each Note 
would need to be assessed on its terms of issuance.

--- Page 333 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
333 
 
Where the Notes do not fall within the definition of securities (as this was provided by the Cypriot tax 
authorities), then any gains derived from the disposal of Notes by a Cyprus resident individual or 
company would be subject to corporate tax or personal income tax.  
Interest income would be however subject to the treatment set out above both in the case where the Notes 
fall within the definition of securities (as this was provided by the Cypriot tax authorities) and where 
they do not. 
Stamp Duty 
Following the enactment of the Stamp Duty (Amendment) (No. 2) Law 2002, section 4 of the Stamp 
Duty Law, Law 19/1963 as amended provides that: 
"(1) every instrument specified in the First Schedule shall be chargeable with duty of the amount 
specified in the said Schedule as the proper duty therefore respectively if it relates to any asset situated 
in the Republic or to matter or things which shall be performed or done in the Republic irrespective of 
the place where the document is made." 
In accordance with the principles of rulings of the Commissioner of Stamp Duty as of the date of this 
prospectus, an issue of Notes by the Issuer(s) will not be liable to stamp duty where the proceeds of the 
issue will remain outside Cyprus, will be utilised for purposes outside Cyprus and the obligation under 
such Notes will be repaid outside Cyprus. 
Transfers of Notes effected outside of Cyprus between non-residents of Cyprus do not attract stamp duty 
in Cyprus, PROVIDED THAT the transferor and the transferee are not residents of Cyprus. 
CZECH REPUBLIC TAXATION 
General 
The following text is a general discussion of certain Czech tax consequences that may be relevant to the 
ownership and disposition of Notes (the "Discussion") by their Noteholders who are Czech tax residents, 
beneficially own, within the OECD meaning of this term, any income from such Notes, and who, if they 
are individuals, have held their Notes as private investment and not as part of their business assets (a 
"Czech Noteholder"). It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to purchase Notes, and, in particular, does not consider any specific 
features of any of the Notes or any facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. It is 
based on laws currently in force in the Czech Republic and applicable on the date of this Base 
Prospectus, but subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect.  Due to the absence of statutory, 
judicial or administrative authorities that directly address the Czech tax treatment of structured 
instruments, such as Notes, significant aspects of the tax treatment of an investment in these Notes are 
uncertain. Therefore, prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers as 
to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes, including the effect of any 
state or local taxes, under the tax laws of the Czech Republic and each country where income from Notes 
can become subject to tax. 
Application of special bonds tax regime 
In 2021, new Czech income tax rules for the taxation of bonds came into effect. According to these rules, 
income from bonds is classified and taxed strictly by reference to the Czech bonds regulations. However, 
these regulations do not consider securities to be bonds if the right to repayment of a certain amount, 
which is linked to such securities, depends even partially on the occurrence of a certain event. Therefore, 
except in cases where a Noteholder’s capital is not at risk i.e. a Noteholder’s investment is returned at

--- Page 334 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
334 
 
redemption or maturity under all circumstances, it can be reasonably argued that this new tax regime 
does not cover instruments with complex payoff structures, such as the Notes. This Discussion assumes 
that the special bonds tax regime does not apply to the Notes.Classification of Notes and income from 
them 
This Discussion assumes that Notes are treated as debt Notes (other than bonds) for Czech tax purposes 
and that the income from them is considered as interest income. However, alternative treatments are 
possible, and even if the general characterization of the relevant Notes as debt is respected there may 
nonetheless be uncertainty about specific aspects of the tax treatment of the relevant Notes. 
Czech interest income sourcing rules 
Interest is considered as Czech source income if it is paid by a Czech tax resident or a Czech permanent 
establishment of a non-resident. As such, there can be uncertainty as to whether the appointment of a 
paying agent or similar person in the Czech Republic could cause the interest to have a Czech source 
and become subject to withholding tax. However, it can be argued that the sourcing rules have not been 
designed to establish a paying-agent withholding tax system. Accordingly, interest income should be 
treated as having a Czech source only if the relevant Issuer is resident in the Czech Republic for tax 
purposes or if it has a permanent establishment in the Czech Republic and there is an economic link 
between Notes on which the interest is paid and that permanent establishment. This Discussion assumes 
that none of the Issuers is resident in the Czech Republic or has a permanent establishment in the Czech 
Republic. 
Czech income taxation  
Withholding tax on interest 
All payments of interest in respect of Notes can be made by the Issuer without any deduction or 
withholding for or on account of any taxes imposed or assessed in the Czech Republic. 
Czech Noteholders – Individuals 
The interest accruing on Notes is subject to taxation in the Czech Republic when such interest is paid to 
the Czech Noteholders who are individuals. 
The gross amount of interest income (including any tax withheld abroad and not reduced by any 
expenses) is treated as capital income. Such income is included in a general tax base of the Czech 
Noteholder which is subject to progressive personal income tax of 15 or 23 per cent., depending on the 
Czech Noteholder's income bracket (the higher rate applying on the tax base exceeding CZK1,582,812, 
in 2024). However, the Czech Noteholders may decide to include the gross amount of interest into a 
separate tax base designated for taxation of certain foreign-sourced income in which case a flat personal 
income tax of 15% will apply. The Czech tax law does not provide for any unilateral foreign-tax credit 
or a similar arrangement and, therefore, any double taxation relief must be resolved solely according to 
an applicable Czech tax treaty, if any. 
Unless exempt from tax, capital gains realised by Czech Noteholders upon sale of Notes are subject to 
progressive personal income tax of 15 or 23 per cent., depending on the Czech Noteholder's income 
bracket (the higher rate applying on the tax base exceeding CZK1,582,812, in 2024). Any loss will 
generally be treated as non-deductible, except where such loss is compensated by taxable gains on the 
sales of other Notes in the same year and the income from the sale of Notes is not tax-exempt.

--- Page 335 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
335 
 
Capital gains realised by a Czech Noteholder from the sale of Notes are exempt from Czech personal 
income tax if: 
(a) 
the individual has held such Notes continuously for more than three years before their sale (the 
Holding Exemption); or 
(b) 
the total gross income (i.e. not a gain) from the sale of Notes (including Notes) in one calendar 
year does not exceed CZK100,000. 
With effect from 1 January, 2025, the Holding Exemption will be subject to an annual threshold of 
CZK40,000,000. This threshold refers to the amount of exempt income (i.e., not gains) and, besides 
income from the sale of securities (including Securities), income from the sale of equity participations in 
corporations, where such participations are not represented by securities, will also count towards this 
threshold. 
If the income from the sale of Notes is tax exempt and such income exceeds CZK5,000,000, then the 
Czech Noteholder must report such income to the tax authorities.  
Czech Noteholders – Corporations (Noteholders other than individuals) 
Interest derived from Notes is included in the general tax base of the Czech Noteholder, which is subject 
to corporate income tax at a flat rate of 21 per cent., in 2024. The Czech Noteholders are generally 
required to recognize the interest in its profit and loss statement on an accrual (as opposed to cash) basis. 
Capital gains realised upon the sale of Notes are included in the general tax base, which is subject to 
corporate income tax at the flat rate of 21 per cent., in 2024. No exemption from tax is available and 
losses are generally tax deductible. 
A different regime may apply to certain corporations (e.g., pension funds, investment funds). 
Stamp, duty, transfer and other similar taxes 
No Czech stamp duty, registration, transfer or similar taxes will be payable in connection with the 
acquisition, ownership, sale or disposal of Notes by Czech Noteholders. 
DANISH TAXATION 
The following is a general description of the taxation in Denmark of Notes according to the Danish tax 
laws in force at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the 
interpretation and application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The 
following general description does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of Notes and does not 
purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such 
as professional dealers in securities) may be subject to special rules. Potential investors are under all 
circumstances strongly recommended to contact their own tax advisor to clarify the individual 
consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of Notes. The Issuer makes no representations 
regarding the tax consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Taxation of Danish Resident Noteholders 
Structured notes can be designed in many ways and with many different underlying assets or in a way 
that the yield will depend on various index or currency flows. The Danish taxation depends on the 
specific characteristics of the Notes.

--- Page 336 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
336 
 
The following tax rules generally apply to structured notes. 
Gains and losses on structured notes are generally treated as gains and losses on financial instruments in 
accordance with section 29(3) of the Danish Capital and Exchange Gains Act ("Kursgevinstloven") of 
29 September 2022.  
However, there are exceptions – for example, notes which are adjusted solely in relation to developments 
in the consumer prices index (as computed by Statistics Denmark ("Danmarks Statistik")), the net 
consumer-price index or a similar index within the European Union or any of its Member States. 
The gains and losses on structured notes are calculated irrespective of the rules applying to the underlying 
asset. 
Gains and losses on structured notes issued to corporate entities and individuals are predominantly treated 
as taxable income in accordance with a mark-to-market principle ("lagerprincippet"), such as on an 
unrealised basis meaning that gains and losses on structured notes will be taxed even if there has been 
no changes in the ownership of the structured notes. 
Individuals who are not deemed to engage in financial trade are taxed on gains as capital income, such 
as at a rate up to circa 42 per cent. in 2024.  
Corporate entities are generally able to deduct losses on structured notes, whereas individuals may, in 
general, only offset losses on structured notes against (previous and future) gains on other financial 
instruments. However, in both cases, certain restrictions or exceptions apply. 
Pension funds and other entities governed by the Danish Act on Taxation of Pension Yield 
("Pensionsafkastbeskatningsloven") of 6 January 2023 (as amended) would, irrespective of realisation 
(whether or not there has been a change of ownership), be taxed on the annual value increase or decrease 
of the Notes according to a mark-to-market principle as specifically laid down in the act. The yield is 
taxed at a flat rate of 15.3 per cent. 
For individuals and corporate entities, income derived from Notes in the form of payments that constitute 
interests are subject to Danish taxation according to section 4, subparagraph E of the Central Government 
Tax Act ("Statsskatteloven") of 10 April 1922.  
Corporate entities are generally subject to 22 per cent. corporate income tax, whereas individuals are 
generally taxed as capital income at a rate up to circa 42 per cent. in 2024.  
Individuals and corporate entities are in general entitled to a tax credit in their Danish taxable income 
according to section 33 of the Danish Tax Assessment Act ("Ligningsloven") of 13 January 2023 (as 
amended), or in accordance with applicable tax treaties. The refund is calculated in accordance with a 
net principle ("nettoprincippet") which implies that the expenses relating to the foreign income are 
deducted. 
FINNISH TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to Notes. They relate only 
to payments by the relevant Issuer(s) and CGMHI Guarantor(s) to beneficial owners of the Notes and 
may not apply to certain classes of persons such as Dealers. It does not purport to be a complete analysis 
of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in Finland or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers 
of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries.

--- Page 337 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
337 
 
This summary is based upon the law as in effect in Finland on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date, including changes with retroactive 
effect. 
For the purpose of the Finnish tax consequences described herein, it is assumed that each of the relevant 
Issuer(s) and the Guarantor(s) is neither a resident nor deemed to be a resident of Finland for Finnish 
tax purposes or engage in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of 
business in Finland in relation to the Notes. 
General 
Finnish residents and non-residents are treated differently for tax purposes in Finland. Finnish residents 
are subject to taxation in Finland on their worldwide income. Non-residents who are not generally liable 
for tax in Finland are subject to taxation in Finland solely in respect of their Finnish source income. 
Generally, an individual is deemed to be a Finnish resident if such an individual continuously resides in 
Finland for more than six months or if the permanent home and dwelling of such an individual is in 
Finland. A citizen of Finland who has moved abroad is regarded as resident for Finnish tax purposes 
until three years have passed after the end of the year of emigration, even though the individual does not 
reside in Finland over six months or the permanent home and dwelling are not located in Finland, if such 
an individual cannot prove that he/she has not had any essential relationship to Finland in the tax year in 
question. Entities established under the laws of Finland and entities that have their place of effective 
management located in Finland are regarded as residents of Finland in accordance with domestic tax law. 
Double tax treaties may restrict the authority of the Finnish state to tax foreign source income of an 
individual or entity deemed as resident of Finland pursuant to Finnish domestic tax law. 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under present Finnish domestic tax law, holders of Notes, who are resident in Finland for tax purposes, 
are as a general rule subject to Finnish tax on interest payments received under the Notes and on gains 
realised on the sale, exchange, redemption or other disposition of the Notes. 
Individuals 
Interest and any similar income (e.g. interest compensation (jälkimarkkinahyvitys) and index 
compensation(indeksihyvitys)) received by individual holders of Notes and capital gain accrued on the 
Notes is generally taxed as capital income unless the Notes are considered to belong to the business 
activity of an individual. Capital income is taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. to the extent the annual 
capital income of the individual does not exceed EUR30,000. For the part of the capital income that 
exceeds EUR30,000 during a calendar year the tax rate is 34 per cent. 
Losses realised on the sale or redemption of Notes should be regarded as capital losses and be deductible 
against all capital income in the same year and the following five years, at least where the Notes are 
marketable.  
Income and gains from Notes considered to belong to the business activity of an individual for Finnish 
tax purposes are included in the total business income of such individual. The business income will be 
divided according to the Finnish Income Tax Act to be taxed as capital income (taxed at the rate of 30 or 
34 per cent.) and earned income taxed at a progressive tax rate. 
Corporates 
Interest and any similar income (e.g. interest compensation (jälkimarkkinahyvitys) and index 
compensation (indeksihyvitys)) received by corporate holders of Notes and capital gain accrued on the

--- Page 338 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
338 
 
Notes is generally taxed as business income or other income, taxed at the corporate income tax rate of 
20 per cent. (applicable rate in 2024). Losses realised should be deductible against business income 
(where the Notes are considered business assets) or against capital gains from other income in the same 
year and the following five years (at least where the Notes are marketable). 
Tax exemptions may apply with respect to certain categories of corporate holders of Notes, such as tax 
exempt investment institutions, pension funds or other entities that are exempt from Finnish corporate 
income tax. 
Non-Resident Holders of Notes 
Holders of Notes who are not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not conduct business 
through a permanent establishment in Finland will not be subject to Finnish taxes either on payments in 
respect of the Notes or gains realised on the sale, exchange, redemption or other disposition of the Notes. 
Where the income under the Notes is attributable to a permanent establishment of a Non-resident holder 
of the Notes, the taxation would generally follow the taxation of resident holders of the Notes (see 
"Corporates" above). 
Withholding 
None of the relevant Issuer(s), the Guarantor(s) are under an obligation to perform any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any income tax imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by Finland or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein in respect of any payments under the Notes. 
Further, such payments may be made free of any withholding when the recipient of the payment is not 
resident in Finland for tax purposes, or is a corporate resident in Finland for tax purposes. 
An agent or intermediary resident in Finland (or a Finnish permanent establishment of a non-resident 
paying agent or intermediary, if the payment is made through a such permanent establishment) shall 
withhold advance income tax of 30 per cent. from any interest, interest compensation 
(jälkimarkkinahyvitys), index compensation, (indeksihyvitys) or other similar payment paid to an 
individual residing in Finland where such payment is made through the agent or intermediary. 
Transfer Taxation 
A transfer of the Notes is not subject to Finnish transfer tax. 
FRENCH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of certain material French tax considerations relating to Notes issued to 
Noteholders resident in or otherwise subject to tax in France. This information is of general nature and 
aims at addressing only the French compulsory withholding tax treatment of income arising from the 
Notes and certain transfer tax implications relevant in case of physical delivery in respect of the Notes. 
This summary is based on the laws and regulations in full force and effect in France as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change in the future, potentially with retroactive effect. 
Investors should be aware that the summary below is of a general nature and does not constitute legal 
or tax advice and should not be understood as such. Prospective investors are therefore advised to 
consult their own qualified advisors so as to determine, in the light of their individual situation, the tax 
consequences of the purchase, holding, redemption or disposal of the Notes. 
Withholding tax 
The following has been prepared on the assumption that the Notes are treated as debt instruments for 
French tax purposes; the Issuer(s) and the Guarantor(s) are not (and will not be) French residents for

--- Page 339 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
339 
 
French tax purposes and the Notes (and any transaction in connection therewith) are not (and will not 
be) attributed or attributable to a French branch, permanent establishment or fixed place of business in 
France of any Issuer(s) or the Guarantor(s); and that the holders of the Notes are French tax resident 
individuals. 
Payments of interest and other similar revenues in respect of the Notes made by any Issuer(s) and the 
Guarantor(s) will be made free of any compulsory withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by France or any French political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
However, pursuant to Article 125 A I of the French tax code, if the paying agent (établissement payeur) 
is established in France or in an EU or EEA Member State and has been appointed by the French 
individual Noteholder to withhold, pay and report the flat tax on his behalf, and subject to certain 
exceptions, interest and other similar revenues received by such individual Noteholder who is fiscally 
domiciled in France are subject to a 30 per cent. flat tax composed of individual income tax at a rate of 
12.8 per cent. (which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which 
the payment has been made) and social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) levied at an 
aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent.. 
Interest or similar revenues must be reported by the French individual Noteholder in his annual tax return 
to be filed during the following year for final computation of the income tax. 
If the French individual Noteholder expressly and irrevocably elects to the progressive individual income 
tax regime on his whole revenues otherwise subject to the flat tax, the above-mentioned 30 per cent. flat 
tax withheld would be regarded as a prepayment and further offset against the individual income tax due 
by the taxpayer, in which case 6.8 per cent. of the social contributions will be deductible from the taxable 
income of the year of their payment. 
French financial transaction tax and transfer tax 
The following may be relevant in connection with Notes which are settled, redeemed or repaid by way of 
physical delivery of French shares issued by an issuer whose registered office is located in France or 
certain assimilated Notes. 
The French financial transaction tax provided under Article 235 ter ZD of the French tax code (the 
"Financial Transaction Tax") is applicable, subject to certain exemptions, at a rate of 0.3 per cent. to 
any acquisitions for consideration of (i) equity Notes (titres de capital) as defined by Article L.212-1 A 
of the French monetary and financial code or assimilated equity Notes (titres de capital assimilés) as 
defined by Article L.211-41 of the French monetary and financial code which are listed on a regulated 
market and issued by an issuer whose registered seat is located in France and whose market capitalisation 
exceeds 1 billion Euros on 1 December of the year preceding the imposition (the "French Shares") or 
(ii) Notes (titres) representing French Shares, irrespective of the location of the registered office of the 
issuer of such Notes. If the Financial Transaction Tax applies to the acquisition of French Shares, this 
transaction is exempt from transfer taxes (droits de mutation à titre onéreux) provided under Article 726 
of the French tax code (the "Transfer Taxes") which generally apply at a rate of 0.1 per cent. to the sale 
of shares issued by an issuer whose registered seat is located in France, PROVIDED THAT in case of 
shares listed on a recognised stock exchange, Transfer Taxes are due only if the transfer is evidenced by 
a written deed or agreement. 
GERMAN TAXATION 
The following is a general discussion of certain German tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership 
and the sale, assignment or redemption of Notes and the receipt of interest thereon. It does not purport

--- Page 340 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
340 
 
to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations, which may be relevant to a decision to 
purchase Notes, and, in particular, does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply 
to a particular purchaser. This summary is based on the laws of Germany currently in force and as 
applied on the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive or 
retrospective effect.  
As each Series or Tranche of Notes may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the specific terms 
of such Series or Tranche, the following section only provides some very generic information on the 
possible tax treatment and has to be read in conjunction with the more specific information on the taxation 
of each Series or Tranche of Notes as provided in the applicable Issue Terms. Furthermore, the taxation 
of the different types of Notes may differ from each other. The following summary only describes the 
tax treatment of Notes in general and certain particularities with respect to individual types of Notes. 
Where the term "certificates" is used in the following summary it refers – according to a German 
understanding of the term – to certain types of Notes linked to an underlying. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences 
of the acquisition, the ownership and the sale, assignment or redemption of Notes and the receipt of 
interest thereon, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Germany and each 
country of which they are residents or citizens or may otherwise be liable to tax. Only these advisers will 
be able to take into account appropriately the details relevant to the taxation of the respective holders of 
the relevant Notes. 
Tax Residents 
Private Investors 
Interest/Capital gains 
Interest payable on Notes to persons holding such Notes as private assets (Private Investors) who are 
tax residents of Germany (i.e. persons whose residence or habitual abode is located in Germany) qualifies 
as investment income (Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) according to Sec. 20 para. 1 German Income Tax 
Act (Einkommensteuergesetz) and is, in general, taxed at a separate flat tax rate of 25 per cent. according 
to Sec. 32d para. 1 German Income Tax Act (Abgeltungsteuer, in the following also referred to as flat 
tax), plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax. 
Capital gains from the sale, assignment or redemption of Notes, including the original issue discount and 
interest having accrued up to the disposition of a Note and credited separately (Accrued Interest 
(Stückzinsen)), if any, qualify – irrespective of any holding period – as investment income pursuant to 
Sec. 20 para. 2 German Income Tax Act and are also generally taxed at the flat tax rate of 25 per cent., 
plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax. If the Notes are assigned, 
redeemed, repaid or contributed into a corporation by way of a hidden contribution (verdeckte Einlage 
in eine Kapitalgesellschaft) rather than sold, as a rule, such transaction is treated like a sale. 
Capital gains are determined by taking the difference between the sale, assignment or redemption price 
(after the deduction of expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or redemption) and 
the acquisition price of the relevant Notes. Where the relevant Notes are issued in a currency other than 
Euro the sale, assignment or redemption price and the acquisition costs have to be converted into Euro 
on the basis of the foreign exchange rates prevailing on the acquisition date and the sale, assignment or 
redemption date respectively. If the Issuer(s) exercises(s) the right to substitute the Issuer(s) of the Notes, 
the substitution might, for German tax purposes, be treated as an exchange of the Notes for new notes 
issued by the new Issuer(s). Such a substitution could result in the recognition of a taxable gain or loss 
for the respective investors.

--- Page 341 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
341 
 
Expenses (other than such expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or redemption) 
related to interest payments or capital gains under the Notes are – except for a standard lump sum (Sparer-
Pauschbetrag) of Euro 1,000 (Euro 2,000 for jointly assessed Noteholders) – in principle not deductible. 
According to the flat tax regime losses from the sale, assignment or redemption of Notes can only be set-
off against other investment income including capital gains. If the set-off is not possible in the assessment 
period in which the losses have been realised, such losses can be carried forward into future assessment 
periods only and can be set-off against investment income including capital gains generated in these 
future assessment periods. The offsetting of losses incurred by a Private Investor is subject to several 
restrictions. Losses incurred with respect to the Notes can only be offset against investment income of 
the Private Investor realised in the same or the following years.  losses from capital claims of private 
investors can now be offset against income derived from capital investments up to an amount of 
EUR20,000.00 p.a. Further, loss from Notes which qualify as derivative transactions (Termingeschäfte) 
may only be applied against profits from other derivative transactions, and only up to an amount of 
EUR20,000.00 in a given year. Losses exceeding any of these thresholds can be carried forward. The 
Federal Fiscal Court (Bundesfinanzhof) considers loss offsetting restrictions for losses on the sale of 
shares to be unconstitutional and has submitted the question by decision of 17 November 2020 (docket 
no. VIII R 11/18) to the German Federal Constitutional Court (BVerfG) for a decision on 
constitutionality. 
Particularities apply with respect to so-called full risk certificates with several payment dates. According 
to the decree of the German Federal Ministry of Finance (Bundesfinanzministerium) dated 19 May 2022 
(IV C 1 – S 2252 19/10003 :009) (as last amended by decree dated 11 July 2023 (IV C 1 - S 
2252/19/10003 :011)), all payments to the investor under such full risk certificates that are made prior to 
the final maturity date shall qualify as taxable income from an "other capital receivable" (sonstige 
Kapitalforderung) pursuant to Sec. 20 para 1 no. 7 German Income Tax Act, unless the offering terms 
and conditions stipulate that such payments shall be redemption payments and the parties act accordingly. 
Even if there is no final redemption payment, the final maturity date shall constitute a sale-like event in 
the meaning of Sec. 20 para. 2 German Income Tax Act.  If no payments are planned for a full risk 
certificate at the time of final maturity because the underlying asset has left a range provided for in the 
issue conditions, or if the certificate is terminated (prematurely) due to the range being left (so-called 
"knock-out certificate") without further capital repayments, this constitutes a redemption at zero and 
therefore also a sale-like event within the meaning of Sec. 20 para. 2 German Income Tax Act. The 
acquisition costs of the certificate must be recognised as a loss. The general loss offsetting restrictions 
(please ref. above) must however be taken into account for the losses. The same applies when the knock-
out threshold is reached. 
Further, the German Federal Ministry of Finance in its decree dated 19 May 2022 (IV C 1 – S 
2252/19/10003 :009, marginal number 61)) (as amended) has taken the position that a bad debt loss 
(Forderungsausfall) and a waiver of a receivable (Forderungsverzicht) shall, in general, be treated as a 
sale, so that losses suffered upon such bad debt loss or waiver shall be deductible for tax purposes. It is 
not clear whether the position of the German tax authorities may affect securities which are linked to a 
reference value in case such value decreases. 
Withholding 
If Notes are held in custody with or administered by a German credit institution, financial services 
institution (including a German permanent establishment of such foreign institution), securities trading 
company or securities trading bank ("Disbursing Agent"), the flat tax at a rate of 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 
per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax) will be withheld by the Disbursing 
Agent on interest payments and the excess of the proceeds from the sale, assignment or redemption (after 
the deduction of expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or redemption) over the 
acquisition costs for the relevant Notes (if applicable converted into Euro terms on the basis of the foreign

--- Page 342 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
342 
 
exchange rates as of the acquisition date and the sale, assignment or redemption date respectively). 
Church tax is collected by way of withholding as a standard procedure unless the Private Investor has 
filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt 
für Steuern).  
The Disbursing Agent will provide for the set-off of losses against investment income including capital 
gains from other securities. If, in the absence of sufficient investment income derived through the same 
Disbursing Agent, a set-off is not possible, the holder of Notes may – instead of having a loss carried 
forward into the following year – file an application with the Disbursing Agent until 15 December of the 
current fiscal year for a certification of losses (Verlustbescheinigung) in order to set-off such losses 
against investment income derived through other institutions in the holder's personal income tax return.  
If custody has changed since the acquisition and the acquisition data is not proved as required by Sec. 
43a para. 2 German Income Tax Act or not permitted to be proved, the flat tax rate of 25 per cent. (plus 
5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax) will be imposed on an amount 
equal to 30 per cent. of the proceeds from the sale, assignment or redemption of the relevant Notes.  
In the course of the tax withholding provided for by the Disbursing Agent foreign taxes may be credited 
in accordance with the German Income Tax Act.  
If Notes are not kept in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent, the flat tax will - by way of 
withholding - apply on interest paid by a Disbursing Agent upon presentation of a coupon (whether or 
not presented with the relevant Note to which it appertains) to a holder of such coupon (other than a non-
German bank or financial services institution) (Tafelgeschäft), if any. In this case proceeds from the sale, 
assignment or redemption of the relevant Notes will also be subject to the withholding of the flat tax. 
In general, no flat tax will be levied if the holder of a Note filed a withholding exemption certificate 
(Freistellungsauftrag) with the Disbursing Agent (in the maximum amount of the standard lump sum of 
current Euro 1,000 (Euro 2,000 for jointly assessed holders)) to the extent the income does not exceed 
the maximum exemption amount shown on the withholding exemption certificate. Similarly, no flat tax 
will be deducted if the holder of a Note has submitted to the Disbursing Agent a valid certificate of non-
assessment (Nichtveranlagungsbescheinigung) issued by the competent tax office. 
For Private Investors, the withheld flat tax is, in general, definitive. Exceptions apply e.g., if and to the 
extent the actual investment income exceeds the amount which was determined as the basis for the 
withholding of the flat tax by the Disbursing Agent. In such case, the exceeding amount of investment 
income must be included in the Private Investor's income tax return and will be subject to the flat tax in 
the course of the assessment procedure. According to the decree of the German Federal Ministry of 
Finance dated 19 May 2022 (IV C 1 – S 2252/19/10003:009) (as last amended by decree dated 11 July 
2023 (IV C 1 - S 2252/19/10003 :013)), however, any exceeding amount of not more than Euro500 per 
assessment period might not be claimed on grounds of equity, PROVIDED THAT no other reasons for 
an assessment according to Sec. 32d para. 3 German Income Tax Act exist. Further, Private Investors 
may request that their total investment income, together with their other income, is subject to taxation at 
their personal, progressive income tax rate rather than the flat tax rate, if this results in a lower tax liability 
(Günstigerprüfung). According to Sec. 32d para. 2 no. 1 German Income Tax Act the flat tax rate is also 
not available in situations where an abuse of the flat tax rate is assumed (e.g. "back-to-back" financing). 
In order to prove such investment income and the withheld flat tax thereon, the investor may request 
from the Disbursing Agent a respective certificate in officially required form. 
Investment income not subject to the withholding flat tax (e.g. if there is no Disbursing Agent) must be 
included in the personal income tax return and will be subject to the flat tax rate of 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 
per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax), unless the investor requests the 
investment income to be subject to taxation at lower personal, progressive income tax rate or the

--- Page 343 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
343 
 
investment income is not subject to the flat tax rate according to Sec. 32d para. 2 German Income Tax 
Act. Foreign taxes on investment income may be credited in accordance with the German Income Tax 
Act. 
Business Investors 
Interest payable on Notes to persons holding the relevant Notes as business assets ("Business Investors") 
who are tax residents of Germany (i.e. Business Investors whose residence, habitual abode, statutory seat 
or place of effective management and control is located in Germany) and capital gains from the sale, 
assignment or redemption of Notes, including the original issue discount and Accrued Interest, if any, 
are subject to income tax at the Business Investor's personal, progressive income tax rate (plus currently 
5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax), or, in case of corporate entities, 
to corporate income tax at a uniform 15 per cent. tax rate (plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon). 
Such interest payments and capital gains may also be subject to trade tax if the relevant Notes form part 
of the property of a German trade or business. Losses from the sale, assignment or redemption of Notes 
are, in general, recognised for tax purposes; this may be different if certain (in particular index linked) 
Notes qualify as derivative transactions.  
Withholding tax, if any, including solidarity surcharge thereon, is credited as a prepayment against the 
Business Investor's personal, progressive or corporate income tax liability and the solidarity surcharge 
in the course of the tax assessment procedure, i.e. the withholding tax is not definitive. Any potential 
surplus will be refunded. However, in general and subject to further requirements, no withholding 
deduction will apply on capital gains from the sale, assignment or redemption of Notes if (i) such Notes 
are held by a corporation, association or estate in terms of Sec. 43 para. 2 sentence 3 no. 1 German 
Income Tax Act or (ii) the proceeds from such Notes qualify as income of a domestic business and the 
investor notifies this to the Disbursing Agent by use of the required official form according to Sec. 43 
para. 2 sentence 3 no. 2 German Income Tax Act (Erklärung zur Freistellung vom 
Kapitalertragsteuerabzug).  
Where notes qualify as zero bonds and form part of a trade or business, each year the part of the difference 
between the issue or purchase price and the redemption amount attributable to such year must be taken 
into account as income. 
Foreign taxes may be credited in accordance with the German Income Tax Act. Alternatively, foreign 
taxes may also be deducted from the tax base for German income tax purposes. 
Non-residents 
Interest payable on Notes and capital gains, including Accrued Interest, if any, are not subject to German 
taxation, unless (i) the relevant Notes form part of the business property of a permanent establishment, 
including a permanent representative, or a fixed base maintained in Germany by the holder of the relevant 
Notes; (ii) the investment income otherwise constitutes German-source income; or (iii) the relevant Notes 
are not kept in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent and interest or proceeds from the sale, 
assignment or redemption of the relevant Notes are paid by a Disbursing Agent upon presentation of a 
coupon to a holder of such coupon (other than a non-German bank or financial services institution) 
(Tafelgeschäft), if any. In the cases (i), (ii) and (iii) a tax regime similar to that explained above under 
"Tax Residents" applies. 
Insofar as the prerequisites for a limited tax liability are not met in the case of a non resident who has 
capital income, no withholding tax is to be withheld by the Disbursing Agent for this income even if the 
relevant Notes are held in custody with a Disbursing Agent (cf. margin number 313 of the decree dated 
19 May 2022 (IV C 1 – S 2252 19/10003:009) (as last amended by decree dated 11 June 2023 (IV C 1 - 
S 2252/19/10003 :013)). However, where the investment income is subject to German taxation as set

--- Page 344 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
344 
 
forth in the preceding paragraph and the relevant Notes are held in a custodial account with a Disbursing 
Agent or in case of a Tafelgeschäft, withholding tax is levied as explained above under " Tax Residents". 
The withholding tax may be refunded based upon German national tax law or an applicable tax treaty. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
No inheritance or gift taxes with respect to any Note will arise under the laws of Germany if, in the case 
of inheritance tax, neither the decedent nor the beneficiary or, in the case of gift tax, neither the donor 
nor the donee, is a resident of Germany and such Note is not attributable to a trade or business for which 
a permanent establishment is maintained, or a permanent representative has been appointed, in Germany. 
Exceptions from this rule apply to certain German expatriates. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Germany in connection with 
the issuance, delivery, execution or conversion of Notes. Currently, net assets tax (Vermögensteuer) is 
not levied in Germany. Germany and other EU Member States intend to introduce a financial transaction 
tax (see below). However, it is unclear if and in what form such tax will be actually introduced. In case 
such tax is introduced, the acquisition and disposal of Notes (in the secondary market) could be subject 
to a tax of at least 0.1 per cent. of the acquisition or disposal price. 
EU Residents 
The EU Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings income has been repealed as of 1 
January 2016 (1 January 2017 in the case of Austria) (in each case subject to transitional arrangements). 
However, the Council of the European Union has also adopted Directive 2014/107/EU (the "Amending 
Cooperation Directive"), amending Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of 
taxation so as to introduce an extended automatic exchange of information regime in accordance with 
the Global Standard released by the OECD Council as of 1 January 2016 (1 January 2017 in the case of 
Austria). Germany has implemented the Amending Cooperation Directive by means of a Financial 
Account Information Act (Finanzkonten-Informationsaustauschgesetz, FKAustG) according to which it 
will provide information on financial accounts to EU Member States and certain other states as of 
1 January 2016. 
Solidarity surcharge  
Please note that the solidarity surcharge was partially abolished as of the assessment period 2021 for 
certain individuals (Law on the return of the solidarity surcharge 1995 of 10 December 2019 - Federal 
Law Gazette 2019 I pg. 2115). The solidarity surcharge shall, however, continue to apply for investment 
income and, thus, on withholding taxes levied. In case the individual income tax burden for a non-
business Holders of Notes tax resident in Germany is lower than 25 per cent. such Holder can apply for 
his/her investment income being assessed at his/her individual tariff-based income tax rate in which case 
solidarity surcharge would be refunded (see above). 
GREEK TAXATION 
The following summary describes the principal Greek tax consequences in relation to the subscription, 
holding, redemption and disposal of the Notes by tax residents in the Hellenic Republic ("Greece") or 
investors otherwise subject to Greek taxation (due to a permanent establishment in Greece through which 
the Notes are held) (for the purposes of this summary). The discussion is not exhaustive and does not 
purport to deal with all the tax consequences applicable to all possible categories of Noteholders, some 
of which may be subject to special rules, and also does not touch upon procedural requirements such as 
the filing of proof of residence of a tax declaration or of supporting documentation required. Further, it

--- Page 345 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
345 
 
is not intended as tax advice to any particular investor nor does it purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all Greek taxation considerations thereof. 
This summary is based on the tax legislation, published case law, guidance notes and other regulatory 
acts of the respective Greek authorities as in force at the date of this Base Prospectus and does not take 
into account any developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments 
or amendments have retroactive effect. There are also certain tax issues which have not been clarified, 
up to this time, by the tax administration.  
Individuals are assumed not to be acting in the course of business for tax purposes. "Greek tax residents" 
includes, as regards legal persons and legal entities, the permanent establishment in Greece of a foreign 
legal person or legal entity, where the Notes are held through that permanent establishment. 
Tax considerations are subject to the more favourable provisions of any applicable bilateral treaty for the 
avoidance of double taxation. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Notes. 
For the purposes of this section, it is assumed that none of Citigroup Inc., Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. and Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited is a resident of Greece for Greek taxation purposes. 
Furthermore, it is noted that the Greek tax legislation does not explicitly provide for specific rules for 
the tax treatment of combined instruments in terms of Notes, the performance of which is linked to the 
performance of an underlying, financial index or basket of assets. Therefore, the discussion below is 
limited to the payment of interest under the Notes and their corresponding treatment as debt securities. 
Interest payments 
(a) 
Individual Noteholders 
Payments of interest under the Notes to individual holders of the Notes are subject to income 
tax at a flat rate of 15 per cent. If payment of interest is made through a Greek paying or other 
similar agent, a withholding tax of 15 per cent. shall apply. Such withholding tax exhausts the 
income tax liability of the respective individual recipients of such interest income. 
(b) 
Noteholders that are Legal Persons and Legal Entities 
Payments of interest under the Notes by the relevant Issuer to legal persons and legal entities 
that are Greek tax residents will be treated as part of their annual income. Income of legal 
persons and legal entities is taxed at a flat rate, which is currently 22 per cent, (with the exception 
of credit institutions participating in the scheme allowing for the conversion of deferred tax 
assets into final claims against the State under certain circumstances, which are taxed at 29 per 
cent). If payment is made through a Greek paying or other similar agent, a withholding of 15 
per cent. applies, which will be treated as an advance payment over income tax owed for that 
financial year. 
Capital gains realised from the disposal of the Notes  
(a) 
Individual Noteholders  
Capital gains realised from the disposal of the Notes are subject to income tax at a rate of 15 
per cent. Capital gains will equal the difference between the acquisition and the transfer price

--- Page 346 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
346 
 
of a Note, plus/minus expenses directly related to the acquisition/transfer price of the Note. 
Capital gains may be set off, under certain circumstances, against capital losses from securities 
that have been incurred in the last 5 years. 
Notwithstanding the above, capital gains over bonds issued by EU, EEA and EFTA issuers are 
exempted from income tax over capital gains, as is the case with Greek corporate bonds.  
"Bonds" should be interpreted narrowly for the purposes of this exemption to include debt 
instruments representing a claim to receive back the entirety of an amount lent, which may be 
convertible to shares, may be exchangeable with other securities, may provide a right to interest 
and/or may provide a right to profits. 
In this context, the tax authority has expressed the view that the difference between the 
acquisition value on the secondary market and the payment of principal received upon expiry 
of a corporate bond does not constitute capital gains. In this case "bonds" should again be 
interpreted narrowly, as above. 
It would be reasonable to assume that payments under the Notes by a guarantor will be classified 
for tax purposes in the same manner as if the payment were being made by the relevant Issuer, 
although this point has not been addressed specifically in a general manner. 
(b) 
Holders of the Notes that are Legal Persons and Legal Entities 
As a rule, all income of legal persons and legal entities is classified as income from business 
activities and taxed at a rate of 22 per cent. 
Notwithstanding the above, as regards capital gains over bonds issued by EU, EEA and EFTA 
issuers taxation is deferred until capitalisation or distribution, as is the case with Greek corporate 
bonds. Upon capitalisation or distribution, capital gains will be taxed at the then applicable 
income tax rate. "Bonds" should be interpreted narrowly for the purposes of this exemption to 
include debt instruments representing a claim to receive back the entirety of an amount lent, 
which may be convertible to shares, may be exchangeable with other securities, may provide a 
right to interest and/or may provide a right to profits. 
HUNGARIAN TAXATION 
The following is a general discussion of certain Hungarian tax consequences relating to the acquisition 
and ownership of Notes. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to purchase Notes, and, in particular, does not consider any specific 
facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. It is based on laws currently in force in 
Hungary and applicable on the date of this Base Prospectus, but subject to change, possibly with 
retrospective effect. The acquisition of Notes by non-Hungarian holders, or the payment of interest under 
Notes may trigger additional tax payments in the country of residence of the relevant holder, which is 
not covered by this summary, but where the provisions of the treaties on the avoidance of double taxation 
should be taken into consideration. Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax 
advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes, including the 
effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Hungary and each country of which they are 
residents. 
Withholding tax (foreign resident individual holders)

--- Page 347 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
347 
 
Foreign resident individual holders are subject to personal income tax in Hungary if they realise income 
that qualifies as Hungarian sourced income (i) in accordance with an applicable tax treaty; or, (ii) in the 
absence of a tax treaty, in accordance with Act CXVII of 1995 on Personal Income Tax (the "Personal 
Income Tax Act").  
If a tax treaty is applicable, then Hungary's taxation right has to be determined based on the treaty. If the 
income is taxable in Hungary – which is generally the case if the income qualifies as interest or dividend 
under the treaty – then 15 per cent. Hungarian withholding tax applies but such tax rate may be reduced 
by the treaty. In the absence of a tax treaty generally any income realised on the Notes is subject to 15 
per cent. withholding tax in Hungary. Please note, however, that the Hungarian tax rules and taxation 
practice are rather ambiguous in relation to source taxation of non-residents' capital income. 
The tax on payments of certain income types are to be withheld by the "Payor" (kifizető) (as defined 
below). 
Pursuant to Act CL of 2017 on the Rules of Taxation ("ART") a Payor means a Hungarian resident legal 
person, organisation or private entrepreneur who provides taxable income, irrespective of whether such 
payment is made directly or through an intermediary (post office, credit institution). In respect of interest, 
Payor shall mean the borrower of a loan or the issuer of a note, including the investment service provider 
or credit institution providing the interest instead of it. In respect of a dividend, "Payor" means the entity 
paying the dividend from its assets. In respect of revenues originating from a transaction concluded with 
the involvement of a licensed stockbroker, Payor shall mean such stockbroker. The Hungarian permanent 
establishment of a foreign resident entity is also considered as a Payor.  
Interest, as defined by Schedule 7 of the ART (which implements the provisions of the Savings 
Directive), realised on Notes by citizens of any other Member State is not subject to Hungarian tax where 
a paying agent based in Hungary provides data to the Hungarian state tax authority on the basis of 
Schedule 7 of the ART. 
Please note that the provisions of the applicable double tax conventions, if any, should be considered 
when assessing the Hungarian tax liabilities of a foreign resident individual holder. 
Withholding tax (foreign resident corporate holders) 
Proceeds from Notes paid to foreign resident corporate holders who do not have a permanent 
establishment in Hungary, by resident legal entities or other persons and any capital gains realised by 
such foreign resident holders on the sale of the Notes is not subject to tax in Hungary. 
The tax liability of a foreign resident corporate holder, which has a permanent establishment in Hungary 
is limited, in general, to the income from business activities realised through its Hungarian permanent 
establishment. 
Taxation of Hungarian resident individual holders 
The tax liability of Hungarian tax resident private individuals covers the worldwide income of such 
persons.  
According to the provisions of the Personal Income Tax Act, in the case of tax resident individual holders 
of Notes, interest, dividends and the capital gains realised upon the redemption or the sale of publicly 
offered and publicly traded debt securities is subject to personal income tax at the rate of 15 per cent. 
Notes listed on a regulated market of a Member State are considered publicly offered and traded Notes. 
In addition, Government decree 205/2023 (v. 31.) entered into force on 1 July 2023, according to which 
the private person is liable to pay social contribution tax on any interest income (as specified under

--- Page 348 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
348 
 
section 65 of the Personal Income Tax Act) as calculated on the basis of the personal income tax accrued 
on interest income, if the date of acquisition of the Securities on which the interest income is based is 
later than 30 June 2023. Consequently, the interest income generated on the Securities acquired by a 
Hungarian resident private individual after 30 June 2023 and taxable in Hungary is subject to social 
contribution tax at the rate of 13 per cent. 
The rules of the Personal Income Tax Act may in certain circumstances impose a requirement upon the 
"Payor" (kifizető) (as defined below) to withhold tax on the certain payments to individual holders.  
Pursuant to the ART the definition of a "Payor" covers a Hungarian resident legal person, other 
organisation, or private entrepreneur that (who) provides taxable income, irrespective of whether such 
payment is made directly or through an intermediary (post office, credit institution). In respect of interest, 
Payor shall mean the borrower of a loan or the issuer of a note, including the investment service provider 
or credit institution providing the interest instead of it. In respect of a dividend, Payor means the entity 
paying the dividend from its assets. In respect of revenues originating from a transaction concluded with 
the involvement of a licensed stockbroker, Payor shall mean such stockbroker. In respect of income that 
is earned in a foreign country and taxable in Hungary, "Payor" shall mean the "paying agent" (megbízott) 
(legal person, organisation or private entrepreneur) having tax residency in Hungary, except in cases 
where the role of a financial institution is limited to performing the bank transfer or payment.  
Taxation of Hungarian resident corporate holders 
Under Act LXXXI of 1996 on Corporate Tax and Dividend Tax, Hungarian resident taxpayers have a 
full, all-inclusive tax liability. In general, resident entities are those established under the laws of Hungary 
(i.e. having a Hungarian registered seat). Foreign persons having their place of management in Hungary 
are also considered as Hungarian resident taxpayers. 
In general, interest and capital gains realised by Hungarian resident corporate holders on Notes will be 
taxable in the same way as the regular income of the relevant holders. The general corporate tax rate in 
Hungary is flat 9 per cent. 
Financial institutions, financial enterprises, insurance companies and investment enterprises may be 
subject to local business tax and innovation tax on the basis of the proceeds realised on Notes. 
IRISH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the principal Irish withholding tax and stamp duty tax consequences of 
ownership of the Notes. It is based on the laws and practice of the Revenue Commissioners currently in 
force in Ireland as at the date of this Base Prospectus and may be subject to change. The statements in 
this summary are based on the understanding that Notes will be treated as debt for Irish tax purposes. 
This summary applies to Noteholders who beneficially own Notes as an investment and who are not 
associated with the Issuers (otherwise than by virtue of holding the Notes). Particular rules not discussed 
below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes including dealers in Notes and trusts. This 
summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only 
and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder of Notes. 
Prospective investors in any Notes should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of 
the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of Notes and the receipt of payments thereon under any laws 
applicable to them. 
Taxation of Noteholders 
(a) 
Withholding Tax

--- Page 349 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
349 
 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest. The Issuer(s) will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax 
from payments of interest on any Notes so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source 
income. Interest paid on Notes should not be treated as having an Irish source unless: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer(s) is/are resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer(s) has/have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or 
income of which is used to fund the payments on such Notes; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer(s) is/are not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for such 
Notes is maintained in Ireland. 
It is anticipated that (i) none of the Issuer(s) are, or will be, resident in Ireland for tax purposes; 
(ii) none of the Issuer(s) will have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; and (iii) none 
of the Issuer(s) will maintain a register of any Registered Notes in Ireland. 
(b) 
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of income tax (currently 25 per 
cent.) on any interest, dividends or annual payments payable out of or in respect of the stocks, 
funds, shares or securities of a company not resident in Ireland, where such interest, dividends 
or annual payments are collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland. 
Encashment tax will not apply where the beneficial holder of the Notes (i) is not resident in 
Ireland and has made a declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank or 
(ii) is a company which is within the charge to Irish corporation tax in respect of the payment. 
(c) 
Stamp Duty on Transfer of Notes 
As the Issuers will not be registered in Ireland, stamp duty will not arise on a document effecting 
a transfer of the Notes so long as (i) the Notes do not derive their value or the greater part of 
their value directly or indirectly from any immovable property situated in Ireland and (ii) the 
instrument of transfer of the Notes does not relate to: 
(i) 
any immovable property situated in Ireland or any right over or interest in such 
property; or  
(ii) 
any stocks or marketable securities of a company which is registered in Ireland (other 
than a company which is (i) an "investment undertaking" within the meaning of section 
739B of the Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997 ("TCA") or (ii) a "qualifying company" 
within the meaning of Sections 110 of the TCA. 
ITALIAN TAXATION  
The following is a summary of current Italian law and practice relating to the taxation of Notes. The 
statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be 
made on a retroactive basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or 
dispose of Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules.

--- Page 350 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
350 
 
Prospective Noteholders are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax 
and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, including in 
particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
In any case, Italian legal or tax concepts may not be identical to the concepts described by the same 
English term as they exist under terms of different jurisdictions and any legal or tax concept expressed 
by using the relevant Italian term shall prevail over the corresponding concept expressed in English 
terms. 
Prospected tax changes 
Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023 published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 2023 ("Law 111") 
delegated the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from its publication, one or more 
legislative decrees implementing a reform of the Italian tax legislation (the "Tax Reform"). 
According to Law 111, the Tax Reform is expected to significantly impact the tax regimes of financial 
instruments including bonds and debentures similar to bonds. 
The aim of the Tax Reform is, inter alia, to harmonize the tax treatment of financial instruments, by 
introducing a single category of financial income that includes both capital income and other income of 
a financial nature and allowing for the possibility of offsetting income and losses and carrying forward 
any excess losses to subsequent fiscal years. 
The nature, extent, and impact of these prospected changes cannot be foreseen and/or assessed with 
certainty at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
As a result, the information provided in this Base Prospectus may not be comprehensive and compliant 
with the future tax landscape. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should be aware that any potential changes to the tax regime of 
interest income and capital gains could potentially lead to an increased tax cost and, consequently, result 
in a lower return of their investment. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences 
described above. 
Italian tax treatment of the Notes 
The Notes may be subject to different tax regimes depending on whether: 
(a) 
they represent a debt instrument implying a use of capital (impiego di capitale), through which 
the Noteholder transfers to the Issuer(s) a certain amount of capital, for the economic 
exploitation of the same, subject to the right to obtain a (partial or entire) reimbursement of such 
amount at maturity; or 
(b) 
they represent derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments, 
through which the Noteholders purchase indirectly underlying financial instruments. 
Notes representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" 
Notes which provide for full reimbursement of the issue price (at maturity or upon early redemption)

--- Page 351 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
351 
 
Italian-resident Noteholders 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, ("Decree No. 239") provides for 
the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including 
the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes falling within the category 
of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) (i) issued, inter 
alia, by companies with shares listed on an EU or EEA regulated market or multilateral trading facility, 
or in case of issuers whose shares are not listed therein (ii) listed in the aforesaid EU or EEA regulated 
market or multilateral trading facility or (iii) held by "qualified investors" pursuant to Article 100 of the 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998. 
For these purposes, debentures similar to bonds are defined as debentures that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption, an amount not less than their principal amount (whether 
or not providing for interim payments) that do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in 
the management of the relevant Issuer(s) or of the business in relation to which they are issued nor any 
type of control on such management and that do not provide for a remuneration which is entirely linked 
to the profits of the issuer, or other companies belonging to the same group or to the business in respect 
of which the securities have been issued. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the relevant Notes are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership pursuant to Article 5 of the 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 ("TUIR") (i.e. partnership other than a società in 
nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar partnership), (iii) a non-commercial private 
or public institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium 
and other income relating to Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to tax, referred 
to as "imposta sostitutiva", levied at the rate of 26 per cent. All the above categories are qualified as "net 
recipients" (unless the Noteholders referred to under (i), (ii) and (iii) above have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted 
for the so called "risparmio gestito" regime according to Article 7 of Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 
November 1997, as amended ("Decree No. 461") – see "Capital Gains Tax" below). In the event that 
Noteholders described under (i), (ii) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the relevant Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity pursuant to Article 73 
of TUIR or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which Notes are effectively 
connected and such Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other 
income from such Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant 
Noteholder's income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation ("IRES") 
and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also to the regional tax on 
productive activities ("IRAP"). 
Under the regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into Law No. 410 
of 23 November 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 
and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, Italian real estate investment funds 
established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and

--- Page 352 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
352 
 
supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate SICAFs (the 
"Real Estate Funds") are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands 
of the Real Estate Funds provided that the Notes are timely deposited directly or indirectly with an 
authorised intermediary. A withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances at the rate of up to 26 per 
cent. (the Real Estate Fund Tax) on distributions made by a Real Estate Fund and, in certain cases, a 
tax transparency regime may apply in respect of certain categories of investors in a Real Estate Fund 
owning more than 5 per cent. of the Real Estate Fund's units or shares. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund (other than a 
Real Estate Fund) a SICAF (an investment company with fixed share capital other than a Real Estate 
Fund) or a SICAV (an investment company with variable capital) established in Italy (the "Fund") and 
either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority, and the 
relevant Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income 
accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be 
included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such results 
but a withholding tax of 26 per cent., will apply, in certain circumstances to distributions made in favour 
of unitholders or shareholders (the "Collective Investment Fund Tax"). 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 
of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and Notes are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to such Notes and accrued during the holding 
period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio 
accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax (the "Pension Fund 
Tax"). Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, 
interest, premium and other income may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute 
tax pursuant to Article 1 (92) of Financial Act 2017, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual 
savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, 
as subsequently amended and restated from time to time. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di intermediazione mobiliare 
("SIMs"), fiduciary companies, Società di gestione del risparmio ("SGRs"), stockbrokers and other 
entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (each an "Intermediary") as 
subsequently amended and integrated. 
An Intermediary to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva must (i) be (a) resident in Italy or (b) a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary or (c) an entity or a 
company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and 
directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed 
an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239; and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the 
collection of interest or in the transfer of Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta 
sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, 
which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with 
which such Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld 
by any entity paying interest to a Noteholder. If interest, premium and other income on the Notes are not 
collected through an Intermediary or any entity paying interest and as such no imposta sostitutiva is 
levied, the Italian resident beneficial owners qualified as "net recipient" will be required to include 
interest, premium and other income in their yearly income tax return and subject them to a final substitute 
tax at a rate of 26 per cent.

--- Page 353 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
353 
 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
No Italian imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments of interest or premium relating to the Notes that 
qualify as obbligazioni or tioli similari alle obbligazioni to a non-Italian resident Noteholder not having 
a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are affectively connected. 
If the Notes are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent establishment 
in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or 
permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or in case an Italian resident intermediary (or 
permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) intervenes in the payment of interest or 
premium on such Notes, to ensure payment of interest or premium without application of Italian taxation 
a non-Italian resident Noteholder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or other intermediary a 
self-declaration stating that he/she is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital Gains Tax 
Capital Gains Tax – Italian Resident Noteholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale, early redemption or redemption of Notes would be treated as part of 
the taxable income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also as 
part of the net value of production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the relevant 
Notes are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
relevant Notes are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not holding Notes in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale, early redemption or redemption of 
such Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Under 
some conditions and limitations, Noteholders may set off losses with gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as subsequently amended 
and restated from time to time. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers under (i) to (iii) above may opt for one 
of the three regimes described below. 
Under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian 
resident Noteholders pursuant to all sales, early redemption or redemptions of the relevant Notes carried 
out during any given tax year. These Noteholders must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any 
tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on 
such gains together with any balance of income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital 
gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. As 
an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above 
may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale, early redemption 
or redemption of the relevant Notes (the "risparmio amministrato" regime provided for by Article 6 of

--- Page 354 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
354 
 
the Decree No. 461. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) Notes being deposited 
with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries; and (ii) an express valid election 
for the risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The 
depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale, early redemption or redemption of Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon 
the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount 
to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the 
proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. 
Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale, early redemption or redemption of Notes results 
in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same 
securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in its annual 
tax return. Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including Notes, to an authorised intermediary and 
have validly opted for the so-called "risparmio gestito" regime (regime provided by Article 7 of Decree 
No. 461) will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the 
managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed 
assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued 
in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Noteholder is not required 
to declare the capital gains realised in its annual tax return. 
Italian Real Estate Funds are not subject to any substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of 
the Real Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be 
subject, in certain circumstances, to the Real Estate Fund Tax; in certain cases, a tax transparency regime 
may apply in respect of certain categories of investors in a Real Estate Fund owning more than 5 per 
cent. of the Real Estate Fund's units or shares. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but 
the Collective Investment Fund Tax will apply under certain circumstances. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the 
result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the Pension Fund Tax. 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital 
gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per 
cent. substitute tax pursuant to Article 1 (92) of Financial Act 2017, if the Notes are included in a long-
term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth by Italian law, as subsequently amended and restated from time to time. 
Capital Gains Tax – Non- Italian Resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption of Notes are not 
subject to Italian taxation, PROVIDED THAT the relevant Notes (i) are traded on regulated markets, or 
(ii) if not traded on regulated markets, are held outside Italy. 
Moreover, even if the Notes are held in Italy, no Italian imposta sostitutiva applies on any capital gains 
realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes if the non-Italian resident beneficial 
owner of the Notes with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected 
is resident for tax purposes in a State or territory which allows an adequate exchange of information with 
the Italian tax authorities and is listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4 September, 1996 as

--- Page 355 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
355 
 
amended and supplemented from time to time (last amendment being made by Italian Ministerial Decree 
dated 23 March 2017) (the "White List"). The same exemption applies where the beneficial owners of 
the Notes are (i) international entities or organizations established in accordance with international 
agreements ratified by Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors established in countries included 
in the White List, even if they do not have the status of taxpayers in their own country of residence; or 
(iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. Under 
these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected elect for the risparmio gestito or are subject to the risparmio 
amministrato, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they provide in 
time with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) 
stating that they meet the requirement indicated above. Additional statements may be required for non- 
Italian resident Noteholders who are institutional investors. 
Non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with the Republic of Italy providing that 
capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax 
residence of the recipient, will not be subject to the imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of Italy on any 
capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes. In such a case, in order to benefit from this 
exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident Noteholders who hold the Notes 
with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and elect to be subject to the risparmio gestito or are 
subject to the risparmio amministrato, may be required to produce in due time to the Italian authorised 
financial intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter alia, a statement from the competent 
tax authorities of the country of residence. 
Please note that for a non-Italian resident, the risparmio amministrato shall automatically apply, unless 
it is expressly waived, where the Notes are deposited in custody or administration with an Italian resident 
authorised financial intermediary or permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy of a foreign 
intermediary. 
Payments made by a non-resident guarantor 
With respect to payments made to Italian resident Noteholders by a non-Italian resident guarantor, in 
accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payment made by the Italian non-resident 
guarantor could be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment made by the Issuer and would thus be 
subject to the tax regime described in the following paragraphs of this section. 
Notes issued by CGMHI will be guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor pursuant to the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee. Notes issued by CGMFL will be guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor pursuant to the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. will not be guaranteed by any entity. 
Notes which do not provide for full reimbursement of the issue price (at maturity or upon early 
redemption) 
Italian-resident Noteholders 
In case of Notes representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" do not guarantee the total 
reimbursement of the principal, under Italian tax law they should qualify as "atypical securities" (titoli 
atipici) pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 ("Decree No. 512") and payments in 
respect of such Notes received by Italian Noteholders would be subject to the following regime: 
(a) 
if the Notes are placed (collocati) in Italy, payments made to individual Noteholder holding the 
Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity will be subject to a 26 per cent. final 
withholding tax. This withholding tax is levied by the entrusted Italian resident bank or financial

--- Page 356 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
356 
 
intermediary, if any, that is involved in the collection of payments on the Notes, in the 
repurchase or in the transfer of the Notes; 
(b) 
if the Notes are not placed (collocati) in Italy or in any case where payments on the Notes are 
not received through an entrusted Italian resident bank or financial intermediary (that is involved 
in the collection of payments on the Notes, in the repurchase or in the transfer thereof) and no 
withholding tax is levied, the individual beneficial owners will be required to declare the 
payments in their income tax return and subject them to a final substitute tax at a rate of 26 per 
cent. The Italian individual Noteholder may elect instead to pay ordinary IRPEF at the 
progressive rates applicable to them in respect of the payments; if so, the Noteholder should 
generally benefit from a tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes that are classified as atypical securities, if the Notes are included in a long-
term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth by Italian law, as subsequently amended and restated from time to time 
The 26 per cent. withholding tax does not apply to payments made to an Italian resident Noteholder 
which is (i) an Italian resident commercial partnership, (ii) an Italian resident company or a similar Italian 
resident commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of a foreign entity to which 
the Notes are effectively connected) and (iii) a commercial private or public institution. In particular, in 
such cases, payments must be included in the relevant Noteholder's ordinary Italian taxable business 
taxation and the Noteholders are generally entitled to benefit from tax credit for any withholding tax 
applied outside Italy. 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
No Italian withholding tax is applied on payments of interest or premium relating to the Notes issued by 
the issuer that qualify as "atypical Notes" (titoli atipici) to a non-Italian resident Noteholder not having 
a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are affectively connected. 
If the Notes are deposited with an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or permanent establishment 
in Italy of foreign intermediary) or are sold through an Italian bank or other resident intermediary (or 
permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) or in case an Italian resident intermediary (or 
permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) intervenes in the payment of interest or 
premium on such Notes, to ensure payment of interest or premium without application of Italian taxation 
a non-Italian resident Noteholder may be required to produce to the Italian bank or other intermediary a 
self-declaration stating that he/she is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Notes representing derivative financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments 
Italian-resident Noteholders 
Payments in respect of Notes qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments received by Italian 
investors (not engaged in a commercial activity (esercizio di attività commerciali) to which the Notes 
are connected) as well as capital gains realised by such Italian investors on any sale or transfer for 
consideration of the Notes or redemption thereof are subject to a 26 per cent. capital gain tax, which 
applies under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), the risparmio amministrato tax 
regime or the risparmio gestito tax regime according to the same rules described above under the section 
"Capital Gains Tax" above.

--- Page 357 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
357 
 
Payments in respect of Notes qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments received by Italian 
investors which carry out commercial activities are not subject to the 26 per cent. capital gain tax, but 
are included in the relevant Holder's ordinary Italian taxable business taxation and the Holders are 
generally entitled to benefit from tax credit for any capital gain tax applied outside Italy. 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes executed on regulated 
markets in Italy or abroad are not subject to Italian taxation, regardless of whether the Notes are held in 
Italy. In such a case, in order to beneﬁt from this exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-
Italian resident Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised ﬁnancial intermediary and 
elect to be subject to the risparmio amministrato tax regime or are subject to the risparmio gestito regime, 
may be required to produce in due time to the Italian authorised ﬁnancial intermediary an appropriate 
self-declaration (autocertificazione) that they are not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes not executed on regulated 
markets issued by an Italian or non-Italian resident issuer may in certain circumstances be taxable in 
Italy, if the Notes are held in Italy. In that case, the tax regime applicable to Notes representing derivative 
financial instruments or bundles of derivative financial instruments is the same described above under 
the caption "Capital Gains Tax – Non-Italian Resident Noteholders". 
Notes cannot be qualified as securitised derivative financial instruments, may qualify as "atypical 
securities" (titoli atipici), whose tax regime is described under section "Notes representing debt 
instruments implying a "use of capital"- Notes which do not provide for full reimbursement of the issue 
price (at maturity or upon early redemption)" above. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, 
as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) 
as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, EUR1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree, are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. 
inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, 
EUR100,000; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, EUR1,500,000.  
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine), that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as subsequently amended 
and restated from time to time, are exempt from inheritance taxes.

--- Page 358 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
358 
 
Transfer Tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public 
deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a rate of EUR200; (ii) private deeds are 
subject to registration tax only in case of use (caso d'uso), explicit reference (enunciazione) or voluntary 
registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (the "Decree No. 201"), a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by 
financial intermediaries to their clients for the Notes deposited in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate 
of 0.2 per cent. and cannot exceed EUR14,000, for taxpayers different from individuals; this stamp duty 
is determined on the basis of the market value or - if no market value figure is available - the nominal 
value or redemption amount of the Notes held. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2021) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial 
or insurance activity within the Italian territory. The communication is deemed to be sent to the customers 
at least once a year, even for instruments for which it is not mandatory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree No. 201, Italian resident individuals holding the Notes outside the 
Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.2 per cent ("IVAFE"). Starting from 
2020, Law No. 160 of 27 December 2019 has provided for the extension of the application scope of 
IVAFE to Italian resident non-commercial entities, simple partnership and equivalent entities, in addition 
to Italian resident individuals. The IVAFE rate is increased to 0.40 per cent. in case of financial products 
held in states or territories listed as having a privileged tax regime under Ministerial Decree of 4 May 
1999. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or, if no market 
value figure is available, the nominal value or the redemption value of such Notes held outside the Italian 
territory or where the nominal or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of the 
Notes. The maximum wealth tax amount due is set at EUR14,000 per year for taxpayers other than 
individuals. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid 
in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the IVAFE due). The financial 
assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if administered by Italian financial 
intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
Italian resident individuals (and certain other entities) are required to report in their yearly income tax 
return, according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted into law by Law No. 227 of 4 
August 1990, as amended from time to time, for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of Notes held 
abroad (or beneficially owned abroad under Italian anti-money laundering provisions). This also applies 
in the case that at the end of the tax year, Notes are no longer held by the above Italian resident individuals 
and entities. 
However, the above reporting obligation is not required with respect to Notes deposited for management 
with qualified Italian financial intermediaries and with respect to contracts entered into through their

--- Page 359 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
359 
 
intervention, provided that the same intermediaries apply a withholding tax or imposta sostitutiva on any 
income derived from the Notes. 
Financial Transaction Tax (FTT) depending on the features of the Notes 
Pursuant to Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012, a FTT applies to (a) transfer of ownership of shares and 
other participating securities issued by Italian resident companies or of financial instruments representing 
the just mentioned shares and/or participating securities (irrespective of whether issued by Italian resident 
issuers or not) (the "Relevant Securities"), (b) transactions on financial derivatives (i) the main 
underlying assets of which are the Relevant Securities, or (ii) whose value depends mainly on one or 
more Relevant Securities, as well as to (c) any transaction on certain securities (i) which allow to mainly 
purchase or sell one or more Relevant Securities or (ii) implying a cash payment determined with main 
reference to one or more Relevant Securities. 
Notes could be included in the scope of application of the FTT if they meet the requirements set out 
above. On the other hand, Notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar 
to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are not included in the scope of the FTT. 
The FTT on derivative instruments is levied at a fixed amount that varies depending on the nature of the 
relevant instrument and the notional value of the transaction, and ranges between Euro 0.01875 and Euro 
200 per transaction. The amount of FTT payable is reduced to 1/5 of the standard rate in case the 
transaction is performed on regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities of certain EU and EEA 
member States. The FTT on derivatives is due by each of the parties to the transactions. FTT exemptions 
and exclusions are provided for certain transactions and entities.  
The FTT is levied and paid by the subject (generally a financial intermediary) that is involved, in any 
way, in the execution of the transaction. Intermediaries which are not resident in Italy but are liable to 
apply the FTT can appoint an Italian tax representative for the purposes of the FTT. If no intermediary 
is involved in the execution of the transaction, the FTT must be paid by the taxpayers. Investors are 
advised to consult their own tax advisers also on the possible impact of the FTT. 
DUTCH TAXATION 
The following summary outlines certain principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
redemption and disposal of the Notes, but does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all 
Dutch tax considerations that may be relevant. For purposes of Dutch tax law, a holder of Notes may 
include an individual or entity who does not have the legal title of these Notes, but to whom nevertheless 
the Notes or the income thereof is attributed based on specific statutory provisions or on the basis of 
such individual or entity having an interest in the Notes or the income thereof. This summary is intended 
as general information only and each prospective investor should consult a professional tax adviser with 
respect to the tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, redemption and disposal of the Notes. 
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, 
in each case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and it does not take into account any 
developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments 
have retroactive effect. 
This summary does not address the Dutch corporate and individual income tax consequences for: 
(a) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen); 
(b) 
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other 
entities that are not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax;

--- Page 360 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
360 
 
(c) 
holders of Notes holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial 
interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer(s) and holders of Notes of whom a certain 
related person holds a substantial interest in the Issuer(s). Generally speaking, a substantial 
interest in the Issuer(s)arises if a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together 
with his or her partner (statutorily defined term), directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to 
hold (i) an interest of 5 per cent. or more of the total issued capital of the Issuer(s)or 5 per cent. 
or more of the issued capital of a certain class of shares of the Issuer(s), (ii) rights to acquire, 
directly or indirectly, such interest or (iii) certain profit-sharing rights in the Issuer(s); 
(d) 
persons to whom the Notes and the income therefrom are attributed based on the separated 
private assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 
(Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001); 
(e) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint Maarten and that have an enterprise 
which is carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on 
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius or Saba and the Notes are attributable to such permanent establishment 
or permanent representative; and 
(f) 
individuals to whom the Notes or the income there from are attributable to employment 
activities which are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands. 
For the purpose of the Dutch tax consequences described herein, it is assumed that the Issuer(s) are 
neither resident of the Netherlands nor deemed to be resident of the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes 
nor have a permanent establishment in the Netherlands to which the Notes are attributed. 
Where this summary refers to 'the Netherlands' or 'Dutch', such reference is restricted to the part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the 
Kingdom. 
This summary does not describe the consequences of the exchange or the conversion of the Notes. 
Dutch Withholding Tax 
All payments made by the Issuer(s) under the Notes may be made free of withholding or deduction for 
any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. 
Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
Residents of the Netherlands 
If a holder of Notes is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for 
Dutch corporate income tax purposes and is fully subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is only subject 
to Dutch corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable, income 
derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption,  or disposal of the Notes are generally 
taxable in the Netherlands (at up to a maximum rate of 25.8 per cent.). 
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
individual income tax purposes, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption 
or disposal of the Notes are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.50 per cent.) 
under the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001, if:

--- Page 361 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
361 
 
(a) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are 
attributable or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth 
of an enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or 
(b) 
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active 
portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor condition (ii) above applies, an individual that holds the Securities, must in 
principle determine taxable income with regard to the Securities on the basis of a deemed return on 
savings and investments (sparen en beleggen). This deemed return on savings and investments is 
determined based on the individual's yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar 
year (1 January), insofar as the individual's yield basis exceeds a statutory threshold (heffingvrij 
vermogen) (EUR57,000 in 2024). The individual's yield basis is determined as the fair market value of 
certain qualifying assets held by the individual less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities 
on 1 January. The individual’s deemed return is calculated by multiplying the individual’s yield basis 
with a ‘deemed return percentage’ (effectief rendementspercentage), which percentage depends on the 
actual composition of the yield basis, with separate deemed return percentages for savings 
(banktegoeden), other investments (overige bezittingen) and debts (schulden). As of 1 January 2024, the 
percentage for other investments, which include the Securities, is set at 6.04%. 
However, on 6 June 2024 the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) ruled in a number of cases (i.e. 
ECLI:NL:HR:2024:704, ECLI:NL:HR:2024:705, ECLI:NL:HR:2024:756, ECLI:NL:HR:2024:771 and 
ECLI:NL:HR:2024:813) that the current system of taxation in relation to an individual’s savings and 
investments based on a ‘deemed return’ contravenes with Section 1 of the First Protocol to the European 
Convention on Human Rights in combination with Section 14 of the European Convention on Human 
Rights if the deemed return applicable to the savings and investments exceeds the actual return in the 
respective calendar year. In these rulings, the Dutch Supreme Court has also provided guidance for 
calculating the actual return: (i) all assets that are taxed under the regime for savings and investments are 
taken into account, and the statutory threshold will not be deducted from the individual’s yield basis; (ii) 
the actual return should be based on a nominal return without considering inflation; (iii) the actual return 
includes not only benefits derived from assets, such as interest, dividends and rental income, but also 
positive and negative changes in the value of these assets, including unrealized value changes; (iv) costs 
are not taken into account for determining the actual return, but interest on debts that are included in the 
individual’s yield basis should be taken into account; and (v) positive or negative returns from previous 
years are not taken into account. 
If the individual demonstrates that the actual return – calculated in accordance with the guidelines of the 
Dutch Supreme Court – is lower than the deemed return, only the actual return should be taxed under the 
regime for savings and investments. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no legislative changes have 
been proposed by the Dutch legislator in response to the 6 June 2024 rulings. 
The deemed or actual return on savings and investments is taxed at a rate of 36%. 
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
If a person is neither a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for 
Dutch corporate or individual income tax purposes, such person is not liable to Dutch income tax in 
respect of income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption or disposal of the 
Notes, unless: 
(a) 
the person is not an individual and such person (1) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands

--- Page 362 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
362 
 
to which permanent establishment or a permanent representative the Notes are attributable, or 
(2) is, other than by way of securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co 
entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands 
and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable. 
This income is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25.8 per cent. 
(b) 
the person is an individual and such individual (1) has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise 
that is, in whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in the Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative 
the Notes are attributable, or (2) realises income or gains with respect to the Notes that qualify 
as income from miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands which include activities with respect 
to the Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio management, or (3) is, other than by way of 
securities, entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise that is effectively managed in the 
Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable. 
Income derived from the Notes as specified under (1) and (2) by an individual is subject to individual 
income tax at progressive rates up to a maximum rate of 49.50 per cent. Income derived from a share in 
the profits of an enterprise as specified under (3) that is not already included under (1) or (2) will be 
taxed on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (as described above under "Residents 
of the Netherlands"). 
Gift and Inheritance tax 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of the Notes by way of 
gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes, unless: 
(a) 
the holder of the Notes is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions; or 
(b) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions. 
Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Notes 
or in respect of a cash payment made under the Notes, or in respect of a transfer of the Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty, capital tax or any other similar documentary 
tax or duty will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the 
subscription, issue, placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of the Notes. 
NORWEGIAN TAXATION 
Below is a summary of certain Norwegian tax considerations related to the purchase, holding and 
disposal of the Notes. The summary regarding Norwegian taxation is based on Norwegian laws, rules 
and regulations as they exist in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Such laws, rules and 
regulations may be subject to changes after this date possibly on a retroactive basis. The summary does 
not address tax issues in other jurisdictions than Norway.

--- Page 363 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
363 
 
The following summary is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all the Norwegian tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision to acquire, own or dispose 
of Notes. Specific tax consequences may occur for different categories of Noteholders, e.g. if the 
Noteholder ceases to be tax resident in Norway etc. 
Norwegian tax legislation does not currently include statutory legislation relating specifically to Notes. 
Instead, the tax treatment must be derived from general tax rules and principles applicable to capital 
income and capital gains. Norwegian tax law is to a large extent based on the substance-over-form 
principle. If the applicable Issue Terms includes conditions which are common to equity instruments and 
the relevant Notes, after an overall assessment, have characteristics closer to equity instruments rather 
than debt, the economic reality might overrule the formalities for income tax purposes. Thus the 
applicable Issue Terms may cause the taxation of the relevant Notes to depart from the tax treatment 
described in this summary. In the following, it is assumed that the Notes do not qualify as equity 
instruments for income tax purposes. 
The summary is solely related to holders of Notes who are resident in Norway for tax purposes 
("Norwegian Noteholders"). However, companies incorporated and resident abroad are liable to tax in 
Norway on distribution and gains from Notes in the same manner as Norwegian resident companies, to 
the extent the Notes are effectively connected to a business carried out in or managed from Norway. 
Due to the general nature of this summary, potential investors are advised to consult with and rely on 
their own tax advisers. 
Taxation on Distribution to the Noteholder 
Norwegian Noteholders, both physical persons and corporations, are liable to tax in Norway on payments 
in respect of interest or similar payments on Notes classified as debentures for Norwegian tax purposes. 
The tax rate is currently 22 per cent.. Return on the notes is taxed on accrual basis, i.e. regardless of when 
the return is actually paid. 
If a Note is repaid with a higher amount than the price at which it was issued (discounted bond), the 
excess amount shall be a part of the computation of the gain or loss when the Note is sold or redeemed.  
Taxation on sale and redemption of Notes 
Norwegian Noteholders, both physical persons and corporations, are taxable in Norway in respect of 
capital gains on the sale and redemption of Notes and have a corresponding right to deduct losses that 
arise from such redemption or realisation. The tax liability applies irrespective of how long the Notes 
have been owned and the number of Notes that have been redeemed or realised. 
Any capital gain or loss is computed as the difference between the amount received by the Noteholder 
on realisation and the cost price for the Notes. The cost price is equal to the price for which the Noteholder 
acquired the Notes. Costs incurred in connection with the acquisition, redemption or realisation of the 
Note may be deducted from the Norwegian Noteholder's taxable ordinary income in the year of 
redemption or realisation. 
Gains are taxable as ordinary income in the year of sale or redemption, and losses can be deducted from 
ordinary income in the year of sale or redemption. The tax rate for ordinary income is currently 22 per 
cent..

--- Page 364 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
364 
 
Norwegian Withholding tax 
New rules regarding withholding tax on interest payments were introduced with effect from 1 July 2021. 
The rules imply that withholding tax will be applied on interest payments from entities with full or limited 
tax liability to Norway, to recipients being a related party to the payor and being tax resident in a low-
tax jurisdiction. 
Norwegian withholding tax should not apply to payments in respect of interest or similar payments on 
Notes or on capital gains on sale or redemption of Notes, as the Issuer is not an entity with full or limited 
tax liability to Norway. 
Net wealth tax 
Norwegian Noteholders organised as limited liability companies and similar entities are not subject to 
net wealth taxation in Norway. 
Norwegian Noteholders that are natural persons are subject to net wealth taxation in Norway. Notes are 
included as part of the taxable base for this purpose. The value for assessment purposes for listed notes 
is the quoted value on 1 January in the year of assessment. Unlisted bonds are generally valued at their 
estimated value on 1 January in the assessment year. The maximum aggregate rate of net wealth tax (both 
state and municipality net wealth tax) is currently 1 per cent of net wealth exceeding NOK1,700,000. For 
net wealth exceeding NOK20,000,000, the marginal net wealth tax rate is 1.1 per cent. 
Stamp duty 
There is no stamp duty or other charges in Norway on the purchase, redemption or realisation of Notes. 
Foreign taxes 
Income taxes or capital gains taxes payable by Norwegian Noteholders in other jurisdictions, or 
withholding tax payable on redemption amounts in respect of the Notes, may be deducted when 
calculating the Norwegian tax payable on the same income. The deduction is limited, however, to the 
corresponding amount of Norwegian tax applicable. The right for both Norwegian and other jurisdictions 
to tax Norwegian Noteholders directly or through the application of withholding taxes may be limited by 
an applicable tax treaty. 
Inheritance tax 
Norway does not currently impose inheritance tax or similar tax on inheritance or gifts. However, an heir 
who has inherited Notes will acquire the donor's tax input value of the Notes based on principles of 
continuity and will be liable to pay tax on any increase in value of the Notes at the time of the heir's 
realisation of the Notes. 
POLISH TAXATION 
General Information 
The following is a discussion of certain Polish tax considerations relevant to an investor resident in 
Poland or which is otherwise subject to Polish taxation. This statement should not be deemed to be tax 
advice. It is based on Polish tax laws and, as its interpretation refers to the position as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, it may thus be subject to change, including a change with retroactive effect. Any change 
may negatively affect the tax treatment, as described below. This description does not purport to be 
complete with respect to all tax information that may be relevant to investors due to their individual

--- Page 365 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
365 
 
circumstances. Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their professional tax advisor 
regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposal, redemption or transfer without 
consideration of Notes. 
The reference to "interest" as well as to any other terms in the paragraphs below means "interest" or 
any other term, respectively, as understood in Polish tax law. 
For the purpose of this Section: 
"Affiliated Entities" shall mean: 
(i) 
entities of which one entity Exercises a Significant Influence on at least one other 
entity; or 
(ii) 
entities on which a Significant Influence is Exercised by: 
(A) 
the same other entity or  
(B) 
the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or affinity up to the second degree 
of a natural person exercising a significant influence on at least one entity, or 
(iii) 
a partnership without legal personality and its partners (partner), or 
(iv) 
limited partnerships and limited joint-stock partnership with their registered office or 
management in the territory of the Republic of Poland and its general partner; or 
(v) 
specific general partnerships with their registered office or management in the territory 
of the Republic of Poland and its partner; or 
(vi) 
a taxable person and their foreign establishment, and in the case of a tax capital group 
– a company being its part and its foreign establishment. 
(each of being a manifestation of an existence an "Affiliation") 
"Exercising a Significant Influence" shall mean: 
(i) 
holding directly or indirectly at least 25 per cent. of: 
(A) 
shares in the capital or 
(B) 
voting rights in the supervisory, decision-making or managing bodies, or 
(C) 
shares in or rights to participate in the profits, losses or the property or their 
expectative, including participation units and investment certificates, or 
(ii) 
the actual ability of a natural person to influence key economic decisions taken by a 
legal person or an organisational unit without legal personality, or 
(iii) 
being the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or by affinity up to the second degree.

--- Page 366 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
366 
 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident individual 
Under Art. 3.1 of the Personal Income Tax Act dated 26 July 1991 (the "PIT Act"), natural persons, if 
residing in the Republic of Poland, are liable for tax on their total income (revenue) irrespective of the 
location of the sources of revenue (unlimited obligation to pay tax). 
Under Art. 3.1a of the PIT Act, a Polish tax resident individual is a natural person who (i) has their centre 
of personal or business interests located in Poland or (ii) stays in Poland for longer than 183 days in a 
year, unless any relevant tax treaty dictates otherwise. 
Interest income and income from the issuer’s redemption of Securities on which periodic benefits are 
due 
Under Art. 30a.1.2 and Art. 30a.1.2a of the PIT Act interest income and income from the issuer's 
redemption of Securities on which periodic benefits are due is subject to a 19 per cent. flat rate tax. 
According to Article 30a.7 of the PIT Act, interest income, including discount, from Securities and 
income from the issuer's redemption of Securities which periodic benefits are due derived by a Polish 
tax resident individual does not cumulate with general income subject to the progressive tax rate but 
under Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act is subject to tax at a flat rate of 19 per cent. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which 
have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher 
than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Particular 
double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Under Article 41.4 of the PIT Act, the interest payer, other than an individual not acting within the scope 
of their business activity, s obliged to collect flat-rate income tax on payments made (benefits) or on the 
money or money equivalents made available to the taxpayer. 
Under Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts for individuals, acting as tax 
remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest income (revenue) has been earned in 
Poland and is connected with securities registered in said accounts, and the interest payment to the 
individual (the taxpayer) is made through said entities. . These rules should also apply to the entities 
indicated in Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act (non-residents), to the extent they conduct their business activity 
through a foreign establishment located within the territory of Poland, if the account on which given 
securities are recorded is connected with the activity of that establishment. Consequently, foreign entities 
that do not operate through a Polish permanent establishment, e.g. foreign investment firms, not acting 
through Polish permanent establishments, should not be obliged to withhold the tax. 
There are no regulations defining in which cases income earned (revenue) by a Polish tax resident should 
be considered income (revenue) earned in Poland. However, we can expect those cases to be analogous

--- Page 367 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
367 
 
to those of non-residents.  Pursuant to Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act, income (revenues) earned in the Republic 
of Poland by non-residents shall include in particular income (revenues) from:  
1. 
work performed in the Republic of Poland based on a service relationship, employment 
relationship, outwork system and co-operative employment relationship irrespective of the 
place where remuneration is paid; 
2. 
activity performed in person in the Republic of Poland irrespective of the place where 
remuneration is paid; 
3. 
economic activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign establishment 
located in the Republic of Poland; 
4. 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, including from 
its disposal in whole or in part, or from disposal of any rights to such property; 
5. 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic of 
Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the 
disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
5.1 
redemption, repurchase, buy-out and otherwise annihilation of participation titles in 
capital funds established on the basis of the provisions in force in the Republic of 
Poland and sale of these participation titles for a fee; 
6. 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, participation in an investment fund, a collective investment 
undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a 
consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, participation or rights, if at least 50 
per cent. of the value of assets of this company, partnership, investment fund, collective 
investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable 
properties located in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such immovable properties; 
7. 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in 
a real estate company (as defined in the PIT Act); 
8. 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of 
residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of the 
place of concluding and performing the agreement; and and the income (revenue) referred to in 
this point is considered to be the revenue listed in Art. 29.1 of the PIT Act, if they do not 
constitute income (revenue) referred to in points (i)-(vii) above; Art. 29.1 of the PIT Act lists, 
among others, interest income other than those mentioned in Art. 30a.1 of the PIT Act (which, 
in turn, refers to interest and discount on securities and income from the issuer's redemption of 
bonds on which periodic benefits are due); and 
9. 
unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
The above list is not exhaustive; therefore, the tax authorities may also consider that income (revenues) 
not listed above is sourced in Poland.   
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a Polish tax 
resident individual from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in Poland and whether the entity 
operating the securities account for the individual will withhold the tax. Since the Issuer is not a Polish

--- Page 368 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
368 
 
entity, as a rule, interest from the Notes should not be considered as earned in the territory of Poland, 
unless specific situation occurs (eg the Notes are admitted to public trading in Poland). 
It should not be expected that the Issuer will collect the withholding tax. 
According to Article 45.3b and Art. 45.1 of the PIT Act, if the tax is not withheld, the individual is 
obliged to settle the tax themselves in their annual tax return. Under Art. 45.1 of the PIT Act, the annual 
tax return should be submitted by 30 April of the following year. Separate, specific rules apply to interest 
income on securities held in Polish omnibus accounts (within the meaning of the provisions of the Act 
on Trading in Financial Instruments, hereinafter "Omnibus Accounts"). Under Art. 41.10 of the PIT 
Act, insofar as securities registered in Omnibus Accounts are concerned, the entities operating Omnibus 
Accounts through which the amounts due are paid are liable to withhold the flat-rate income tax on 
interest income. The tax is charged on the day of placing the amounts due at the disposal of the Omnibus 
Account holder. This rule also applies to remitters who are payers of corporate income tax and are subject 
to limited tax liability in Poland, to the extent they conduct their business through a foreign establishment 
and it is to that establishment's operations that the securities account is linked. 
Additionally, under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred 
to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities (including the Notes referred to herein) registered in 
Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act 
on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter (under Art. 
41.10 of the PIT Act the entity operating the Omnibus Account) from the aggregate income (revenue) 
released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. These rules should 
also apply to the entities indicated in Art. 3.2. of the CIT Act to the extent that they conduct business 
activity through a foreign establishment located within the territory of Poland, if the account on which 
given securities are recorded is connected with the activity of that establishment. Consequently, foreign 
entities that do not operate through a Polish permanent establishment, e.g. foreign investment firms not 
acting through Polish permanent establishments, should not be obliged to withhold the tax. 
Under Art. 45.3c of the PIT Act, taxpayers are obliged to disclose the amount of interest (discount) on 
securities (including the Notes referred to herein) in the annual tax return if the Notes were registered in 
Omnibus Account and the taxpayer's identity was not revealed to the tax remitter. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which 
have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher 
than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Double tax 
treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Income from the Notes other than interest 
Income other than interest, including income from transfer of Notes against a consideration, derived by 
a Polish tax resident individual from financial instruments, such as the Notes, held as non-business assets, 
qualify as capital gains according to Article 17 of the PIT Act. Such income does not cumulate with the 
general income subject to the progressive tax scale but is subject to a 19 per cent. flat rate tax. Under Art. 
30b.2. of the PIT Act the income from disposal of securities is calculated as the difference between the 
sum of revenues from a transfer of securities against a consideration and tax deductible costs, calculated 
on the basis of the relevant provisions of the PIT Act under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT Act.  Based on Art. 
17.2 and Art. 19.1 of the PIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract without a valid reason significantly 
deviates from the market value, the amount of income is determined by the tax authority or fiscal control 
authority in the amount of the market value. 
The taxpayer itself is obliged to settle the tax on the transfer of securities (including the Notes) against a 
consideration.  Taxpayers should prepare their annual tax return by the end of April of the year following

--- Page 369 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
369 
 
the tax year in which the income was earned. No tax or tax advances are withheld by the person making 
the payments  
Furthermore, capital gains are subject to a 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus of various 
incomes above PLN 1 million in total. The levy must be calculated and settled by the individuals 
themselves. 
In principal, if an individual holds the Notes as a business asset, in principle, in accordance with art. 
30b.3 of the PIT Act the income should be taxed, the same way as other business income. This will either 
be tax, at 19 per cent. rate or the 12 per cent. to 32 per cent. progressive tax rate depending upon the 
choice and the meeting of certain conditions, should be settled by the individuals themselves. 
Furthermore, business income is subject to a 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus of 
various incomes above PLN 1 million in total. The levy must be calculated and settled by the individuals 
themselves. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer  
Under Art. 3.1 of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the CIT Act) the entire income 
of taxpayers who have their registered office or management in Poland is subject to tax obligation in 
Poland, irrespective of where the income is earned. 
According to Art. 3.1a of the CIT Act, a taxpayer has a place of management in the territory of the 
Republic of Poland, inter alia, when the current affairs of this taxpayer are conducted in an organised 
and continuous manner on the territory of the Republic of Poland, based in particular on: 
(i) 
an agreement, decision, court ruling or other act regulating the establishment or functioning of 
the taxpayer; or 
(ii) 
powers of attorney; or 
(iii) 
Affliations. 
Income (revenue) from the Notes, both on account of interest/discount and other income, including 
transfer of securities against a consideration, earned by a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer 
whose entire income is subject to tax liability in Poland, is subject to income tax following the same 
general principles as those which apply to any other income received from business activity within the 
same source of income.  As a rule, for Polish income tax purposes, interest is recognised as revenue on 
a cash basis, i.e. when it is received and not when it has accrued.  Income from a transfer of securities 
against a consideration is in principle their value expressed in the price specified in the contract.  
According to Art. 14 of the CIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract, without a valid reason, 
significantly deviates from the market value, the revenue amount is determined by the tax authority in 
the amount of the market value. In the case of income from the transfer of securities against a 
consideration, tax deductible costs are generally recognised when the corresponding revenue has been 
achieved.  The taxpayer itself (without the remitter's participation) settles income tax on interest/discount 
and on the transfer of securities against a consideration, which is settled along with other income from 
the taxpayer's business activity within the same source of income. 
Regarding the proper source of revenue, in principle, the income (revenue) from the Notes, including 
their transfer against a consideration, is combined with revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b.1 of the CIT

--- Page 370 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
370 
 
Act).  In the case of insurers, banks and some other entities (financial institutions), this revenue is 
included in revenues other than revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b (2) of the CIT Act). 
The appropriate tax rate is the same as the tax rate applicable to business activity, i.e. 19 per cent. for a 
regular corporate income taxpayer or 9 per cent. for small and new taxpayers, i.e. taxpayers with revenues 
in the tax year not exceeding EUR 2 million (with certain exceptions listed in Art. 19.1a-1e of the CIT 
Act), taking into consideration the appropriate source of income (the lower rate does not apply to incomes 
classified as capital incomes – Art.7b of the CIT Act).Although Polish corporate income taxpayers should 
not be subject to Polish withholding tax, such tax may be withheld, under specific rules applying to 
interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts, under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, for income 
(revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in 
Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act 
on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the 
aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account 
holder.  If such tax is withheld for a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer, to receive a refund of 
such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
Any withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which have not concluded any tax 
treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher than the tax calculated 
in accordance with the applicable domestic tax rate, can be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Double 
tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Notes held by a non-Polish tax resident (natural person or corporation) 
Under Art. 3.2a of the PIT Act, natural persons, if they do not reside in Poland, are liable to pay tax only 
on income (revenue) earned in Poland (limited obligation to pay tax).  
Under Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act, in the case of taxpayers who do not have their registered office or 
management in Poland, only the income they earn in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland. 
Non-Polish residents are subject to Polish income tax only with respect to their income earned in Poland. 
Under Art. 3.3 of the CIT Act, income (revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall 
include in particular income (revenues) from: 
1. 
all types of activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign establishment 
located in the Republic of Poland; 
2. 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, including from 
its disposal in whole or in part, or from the disposal of any rights to such property; 
3. 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic of 
Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the 
disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
4. 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, participation in an investment fund or a collective investment 
undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a 
consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, participation or rights, if at least 50 
per cent. of the value of assets of this company, partnership, investment fund, collective 
investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable 
properties located in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such immovable properties;

--- Page 371 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
371 
 
5. 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in 
a real estate company (as defined in the CIT Act); 
6. 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of 
residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of the 
place of concluding or performing the agreement; and 
7. 
unrealised gains referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
Similar provisions are included in Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act. 
It should be noted that the list of incomes (revenues) gained in Poland, as provided in Art. 3.3. of the CIT 
Act and Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act is not exhaustive, therefore, other income (revenues) may also be 
considered as earned in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a Polish tax 
resident from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in Poland.  However, since the Issuer is not 
a Polish entity, income from the Notes should not be considered as earned in Poland and no Polish 
withholding tax should apply, unless specific circumstances occur, eg the Notes are admitted to public 
trading in Poland.  
If income from the Notes is considered as sourced in Poland, the following applies: 
Special Exemption for interest obtained by non-Polish tax residents on Securities meeting special 
conditions and the Remittance Exemption 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 17.1.50c of the CIT Act, tax-free income is income earned by a CIT taxpayer subject to 
limited tax liability in Poland in respect of interest or a discount on notes: 
(i) 
having a maturity of at least one year; 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or introduced into an alternative trading system within 
the meaning of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments, in the territory of 
Poland or in the territory of a state that is a party to a double tax convention concluded with 
Poland which regulates the taxation of income from dividends, interest and royalties; 
unless the taxpayer is an Affiliated Entity, within the meaning of the transfer pricing law, of the Issuer 
of such notes, and holds, directly or indirectly, together with other Affiliated Entities, more than 10 per 
cent of the nominal value of those notes (the "Special Exemption"). 
Under Art. 26.1aa and 1ae of the CIT Act, remitters are not obliged to withhold tax on interest or discount 
in respect of the Notes eligible for Special Exemption, provided that the issuer submits to the tax authority 
a declaration that it has acted with due diligence in informing Affiliated Entities (excluding entities whose 
Affiliations result solely from connections with the State Treasury (Skarb Państwa) or local government 
units or their associations), about the exemption conditions applying to those Affiliated Entities (the 
"Remittance Exemption").

--- Page 372 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
372 
 
According to Art. 26.1af of the CIT Act, the declaration referred to above is submitted once in relation 
to a given Securities issue, no later than the date of payment of interest or discount on these securities. 
At the payer's request, the issuer is obliged to confirm its submission (Art. 26.1ag of the CIT Act). 
The declaration is submitted in electronic form corresponding to the logical structure available in the 
Public Information Bulletin on the website of the office serving the minister responsible for public 
finances (Art. 26.7j of the CIT Act) 
Personal income tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax (Art. 21.1.130c and Art. 41.24-27 of the PIT Act) 
with certain differences. 
From 1 January 2024, besides interest (discount) and income from disposal of securities for 
remuneration, a new category of income has been introduced: income from the issuer's redemption of 
notes on which periodic benefits are due (Art. 17.1.3a) of the PIT Act).  However, the scope of the 
exemption for non-residents, referred to above (Art. 21.1.130c of the PIT Act, which is analogous to the 
exemption under Art. 17.1.50c of the CIT Act) has not been amended.  Therefore, it is reasonable to 
assume that the exemption under Art. 21.1.130c of the PIT Act does not cover income from the issuer's 
redemption of notes on which periodic benefits are due.  This income is calculated as the difference 
between the amount obtained from the redemption of notes together with the benefits obtained for the 
last period before the redemption of these notes and the expenses incurred for acquiring or purchasing 
these notes on the primary or secondary market by the taxpayer or the testator (excluding expenses on 
acquisition of benefits that are not taxable) (Art. 24.24 of the PIT Act). 
Also, the Remittance Exemption under PIT regulations is limited from 1 January 2024, because the tax 
remitters being entities operating securities accounts and Omnibus Accounts are obliged to withhold tax 
with respect to income (revenue) obtained by Polish tax resident natural persons (Art. 41.24 in fine of 
the PIT Act). These remitters include entities being Polish tax residents as well as non-Polish tax residents 
conducting business activities through a foreign establishment located in the territory of the Republic of 
Poland, if the account on which the securities are recorded is related to the activities of this establishment 
(Art. 41.4d and 41.10 of the PIT Act).  
It must be noted that under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest 
transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose 
identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial 
Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income 
(revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. 
Therefore, if the entities operating Omnibus Accounts acting as tax remitters are not able to identify the 
natural person ie whether it is or not tax resident in Poland, they may withhold tax at full rate on income 
from notes that would otherwise be eligible for the Special Exemption. 
Failure to meet the conditions for the Special Exemption 
In the absence of the Special Exemption referred to above, the following rules apply. 
In the case of taxpayers subject to limited tax liability in Poland, the interest (discount) on the Notes 
earned in the Polish territory is taxed as a general rule at a flat rate of 20 per cent. in the case of corporate

--- Page 373 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
373 
 
income tax payers (Art. 21.1.1 of the CIT Act) or 19 per cent. in the case of natural persons (Art. 30a.1.2 
of the PIT Act).  
Under Art. 26.1 of the CIT Act, interest payers, other than individuals not acting within the scope of their 
business activity, are obliged, as tax remitters, to collect, lump-sum income tax on those payments on 
the day they are made. When verifying the conditions for the application of a withholding tax rate, 
exemption or the conditions for the non-collection of tax resulting from special provisions or double tax 
treaties, the remitter must exercise due diligence. When assessing the exercise of due diligence, the nature 
and scale of activity conducted by the remitter as well as its Affiliation with the taxpayer must be taken 
into account. Similar provisions are provided in Art. 41.4-4aa of the PIT Act. 
Under Art. 26.2c.1 of the CIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts and Omnibus Accounts for 
taxpayers, acting as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest income (revenue) 
was earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said accounts, and the interest 
payment to the taxpayer is made through said entities.  Although it is considered that foreign entities do 
not act as Polish tax remitters, according to the discussed provision, this obligation applies to non-
residents to the extent they operate a permanent establishment in Poland and the account, on which 
securities are registered, is linked to the activity of this permanent establishment.  Similar provisions 
concerning interest payments to individuals are provided in Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act.   
The described rules of taxation may be modified by the relevant provisions of double tax treaties 
concluded by Poland, based on which a reduced tax rate or income tax exemption may apply to income 
(revenue) obtained from interest/discount (Art. 21.2 of the CIT Act, Art. 30a.2 of the PIT Act).  To 
benefit from the tax rate or income tax exemption under the tax treaty, the taxpayer should present a valid 
certificate of its tax residence.  As a rule, the tax residence certificate is considered valid for twelve 
consecutive months from its date of issue. Tax remitters may require additional documentation in order 
to be able to apply double tax treaty benefits described above, such as the confirmation of the recipient's 
beneficial owner status towards the interest payments. 
Moreover, tax treaties provide protection only for beneficial owners.  Pursuant to Art. 4a.29 of the CIT 
Act and, respectively, Art. 5a.33d of the PIT Act, beneficial owner means an entity meeting all of the 
following conditions: 
(a) 
it receives the amount due for its own benefit, which includes deciding independently about its 
purpose, and bears the economic risk associated with the loss of that receivable or part of it; 
(b) 
it is not an intermediary, representative, trustee, or another entity legally or actually obliged to 
transfer the receivable in whole or in part to another entity; and 
(c) 
it conducts actual business activity in the country of its registration (country of domiciliation in 
case of the PIT Act), if the receivables are obtained in connection with the conducted business 
activity, whereas when assessing whether the entity conducts actual business activity, the nature 
and scale of such activity in the scope of received receivables are taken into account. 
Although the definition of the beneficial owner does not refer to and Art. 24a.18 of the CIT Act and Art. 
30f. 20 of the PIT Act those are the only places in the income tax legislation where actual business 
activity is defined.  Therefore, it cannot be ruled out that factors listed there will be taken into account 
by the tax authorities in determining beneficial ownership status.  Those factors include: 
(i) 
the business activity carried out by the taxpayer is performed through an existing enterprise that 
actually performs activities constituting an economic activity; in particular, it possesses 
premises, qualified personnel and equipment used for performing business activity;

--- Page 374 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
374 
 
(ii) 
the taxpayer does not create artificial arrangement without a connection with any business 
activity; 
(iii) 
the taxpayer's actual premises, its personnel or equipment correspond to the scope of its actual 
business activity; 
(iv) 
the agreements concluded by the taxpayer are realistic in economic terms, they have economic 
justification and they are not noticeably contrary to the general business interest of the taxpayer; 
(v) 
the taxpayer carries out its business functions independently, using its own resources, including 
managers who are present in the country of taxpayer's tax residency. 
The majority of double tax treaties concluded by Poland provide for an exemption from income tax on 
capital gains, including income from the sale of notes obtained in Poland by a tax resident of a given 
country. The interest treatment differs under particular double tax treaties, some of them providing for 
general exemption, limiting the exemption to certain categories of recipients or providing for a reduced 
rate of tax (which may also vary depending on the recipient). 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts.  Also, in cases 
where Polish withholding tax should not apply on interest payable to non-Polish tax residents (natural 
persons or corporate income taxpayers), under specific rules applicable to interest income on securities 
held in Omnibus Accounts there is a risk that such tax would be withheld.  Under Art. 26.2a of the CIT 
Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to 
securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in 
accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by 
the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through 
the Omnibus Account holder.  Under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from 
interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts 
whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in 
Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate 
income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. If 
such tax is withheld for non-Polish tax resident taxpayers, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity 
should contact its tax advisor. 
If a person or an entity subject to limited tax liability in Poland acts through a foreign establishment in 
Poland to which income is related, as a matter of principle provisions of law should apply that are 
analogous to taxpayers subject to unlimited tax liability in Poland, with some necessary additional 
requirements (e.g. the requirement to present the interest payer with a certificate of tax residence along 
with a declaration that the interest is related to the establishment's activities). 
Pay & Refund  
In addition to the rules set out above, in the event of failure to meet the conditions for a special exemption, 
the following regime applies. 
(a) 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act, if the total amount paid out between Affiliated Entities on account of 
the items listed in Art. 21.1.1 of the CIT Act (including interest / discount on notes) and Art. 22.1 of the 
CIT Act to the same taxpayer exceeds PLN 2,000,000 in the tax year of the payer, payers are, as a general 
rule, required to withhold, on the day of payment, a flat-rate income tax at the basic rate (20 per cent. in 
the case of interest/discount on notes) from the excess over that amount, without being able not to 
withhold that tax on the basis of an appropriate double tax treaty, and also without taking into account

--- Page 375 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
375 
 
exemptions or rates resulting from special regulations or double tax treaties (hereinafter the "Pay & 
Refund"). 
Under Art. 26.2i and 26.2j of the CIT Act, if the payer's tax year is longer or shorter than 12 months, the 
amount to which the Pay & Refund applies is calculated by multiplying 1/12 of PLN 2,000,000 and the 
number of months that have begun in the tax year in which the payment was made; if the calculation of 
that amount is not possible by reference to the payer's tax year, the Pay & Refund shall apply accordingly 
to the payer's current financial year and, in its absence, with respect to the payer's other period with 
features specific to the financial year, not longer however than 23 consecutive months. 
Based on Art. 26.2ca of the CIT Act, the entities making payments through securities accounts or 
Omnibus Accounts are obliged to provide the entities maintaining these accounts, at least 7 days before 
the payment is made, with information about the existence of Affiliations between them and the taxpayer 
and about exceeding the amount of PLN 2,000,000.  Entities providing this information are required to 
update it before making the payment in the event of a change in the circumstances covered by the 
information. In addition, in accordance with Art. 26.2ed of the CIT Act, in the circumstances referred to 
in section 2c, the excess amount and the existence of Affiliations will be determined by the entity keeping 
securities accounts or Omnibus Account. The entity keeping securities accounts or omnibus accounts 
does not take into consideration the amounts of payments on which tax was collected in accordance with 
Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act. 
Under Art. 26.2k of the CIT Act, if the payment was made in a foreign currency, to determine whether 
the amount to which the Pay & Refund applies was exceeded, the amounts paid are converted into PLN 
at the average exchange rate published by the National Bank of Poland on the last business day preceding 
the payment day. 
Under Art. 26.2l of the CIT Act, if it is not possible to determine the amount paid to the same taxpayer, 
it is presumed that it exceeded the amount from which the Pay & Refund applies. 
Under Art. 26.7a of the CIT Act, the Pay & Refund does not apply if the payer has declared that: 
(i) 
it holds the documents required by the tax law for the application of the tax rate or tax exemption 
or non-taxation under special regulations or double tax treaties; 
(ii) 
after the verification of the conditions to apply an exemption or reduced withholding tax rate 
resulting from special regulations or double tax treaties, it is not aware of any grounds for the 
assumption that there are circumstances that exclude the possibility of applying the tax rate or 
tax exemption or non-taxation under special regulations or double tax treaties, in particular it is 
not aware of the existence of circumstances preventing the fulfilment of certain conditions 
referred to in other regulations, including the fact that the interest/discount recipient is their 
beneficial owner and, if the interest/discount is obtained in connection with the business activity 
conducted by the taxpayer, that in the country of tax residence the taxpayer carries on the actual 
business activity. 
The above is to be declared by the head of the unit within the meaning of the Accounting Act or a 
designated member of such head being a collegiate body (ege.g. the Issuer's management board). The 
declaration cannot be made by proxy. The declaration is to be made by in electronic form not later than 
on the last day of the second month following the month in which the threshold specified above was 
exceeded, however, the performance of this obligation after the payment is made does not release the 
payer from the obligation to exercise due diligence before the payment is made. (Art. 26.7b and 26.7c of 
the CIT Act).

--- Page 376 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
376 
 
In the case of withholding tax being a result of the Pay & Refund, if double tax treaties or special 
regulations provide for a tax exemption or reduced tax rate, the taxpayer or tax remitter (if the taxpayer 
has paid tax with its own funds and has borne the economic burden of such tax, eg as a result of a gross-
up clause) may apply for a refund of that tax by submitting the relevant documents and declarations.  
When recognizing that the refund is justified, the tax authorities shall carry it out within six months. 
Pay & Refund does not apply in the case of the special exemption applicable to Securities meeting certain 
conditions "For the Remittance Exemption" above. 
Pursuant to the Regulation of the Minister of Finance dated 28 December 2022 regarding the exclusion 
of the obligation to collect flat-rate corporate income tax (the Regulation), in respect of securities held 
on securities accounts or Omnibus Accounts, until 31 December 2024 the application of the Pay & 
Refund regime is excluded to interest payable to taxpayers having their registered office or management 
outside the territory of the Republic of Poland. 
Personal income tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax, including Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act which provides 
for an analogous Pay & Refund, while the Regulation of the Minister of Finance of 28 December 2022 
regarding the exclusion of the obligation to collect flat-rate personal income tax is the equivalent of the 
Regulation. It should be noted, however, that the scope of the Remittance Exemption under PIT is 
different than under CIT. 
Withholding taxation of certain payments made to tax havens 
Based on Art. 26.1m of the CIT Act, if a tax remitter makes a payment on account of certain capital 
profits (e.g. revenues from financial instruments, including interest and capital gains) to a corporate entity 
resident for tax purposes in a tax haven, such tax remitter is obliged to withhold tax at 19 per cent. rate 
calculated from the amount being paid out. 
The list of the tax havens is included in the Regulation of the Minister of Finance from 28 March 2019 
on identifying the countries and territories applying harmful tax competition for corporate taxation 
purposes. 
PORTUGUESE TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the current Portuguese tax treatment at the date hereof in relation to 
certain aspects of payments of principal and income in respect of Notes. The statements do not deal with 
other Portuguese tax aspects regarding Notes and relate only to the position of persons who are the final 
and effective beneficial owners of Notes. The following is a general guide, does not constitute tax or legal 
advice and should be treated with appropriate caution. Noteholders who are in any doubt as to their tax 
position should consult their professional advisers. 
The reference to "investment income" and "capital gains" in the paragraphs below means "investment 
income" and "capital gains" as understood in Portuguese tax law. The statements below do not take any 
account of any different definitions of "investment income" or "capital gains" which may prevail under 
any other law or which may be created by the Conditions of the Notes or any related documentation.  
Economic benefits derived from interest, accrued interest, amortisation, reimbursement premiums and 
other types of remuneration arising from the Notes are designated as investment income (rendimentos de 
capital) for Portuguese tax purposes.

--- Page 377 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
377 
 
Gains obtained with the repayment of Notes are qualified as capital gains (mais-valias) for Portuguese 
tax purposes. 
Holder's General Taxation Rules 
Investment income and capital gains obtained from the disposal of Notes issued by non-resident entities 
and obtained by Holders resident for tax purposes in Portugal is generally subject to the Portuguese 
standard taxation rules foreseen for investment income and capital gains from foreign source. 
Payments of principal on Notes are not subject to Portuguese withholding tax. For these purposes, 
principal shall mean all payments carried out without any income component. 
Investment Income 
Under current Portuguese law, investment income payments in respect of Notes due by non-resident 
entities and made to Portuguese tax resident companies are not subject to Portuguese withholding tax, 
being included in their taxable income and are subject to a Portuguese corporate income tax at a rate of 
(i) 21 per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise or a small and mid-capitalization 
enterprise (Small Mid Cap) as established in Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per 
cent., for taxable profits up to €50,000 and 21 per cent. on profits in excess thereof, or (iii) if the taxpayer 
is a small or medium enterprise or a small and mid-capitalization enterprise that qualifies as a start-up 
under the terms foreseen in Law no. 21/2023, of 25 May, and that cumulatively meets the conditions 
established in article 2(1)(f) of the referred Law, 12.5 per cent., for taxable profits up to €50,000 and 21 
per cent. on profits in excess thereof, to which may be added a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) 
of up to 1.5 per cent. over the Portuguese corporate Noteholders' taxable profits, where applicable. 
Corporate taxpayers with a taxable income of more than €1,500,000 are also subject to a state surcharge 
(derrama estadual) of (i) 3 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €1,500,000 up to 
€7,500,000, (ii) 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €7,500,000 up to €35,000,000, 
and (iii) 9 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds €35,000,000. 
As regards to investment income on Notes due by non-resident entities and made to Portuguese tax 
resident individuals, they are subject to personal income tax which shall be withheld at the current final 
withholding rate of 28 per cent. if there is a Portuguese resident paying agent, unless the individual elects 
to include it in his taxable income, subject to tax at the current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. An 
additional surcharge (taxa adicional de solidariedade) will be due on the part of the taxable income 
exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up 
to €250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding Euro 
250,000. 
Investment income Notes due by non-resident entities and made to Portuguese tax resident individuals 
not paid through a Portuguese resident paying agent, are not subject to withholding tax, being instead 
subject to an autonomous taxation at a rate of 28 per cent. unless the individual elects to include it in his 
taxable income, subject to tax at the current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. An additional surcharge 
(taxa adicional de solidariedade) will be due on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as 
follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000, and (ii) 5 
per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding €250,000. 
Investment income paid or made available to accounts opened in the name of one or more accountholders 
acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 
per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the 
general tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply.

--- Page 378 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
378 
 
None of the relevant Non-Portuguese Issuer(s) and Guarantor as the case may be, are responsible for 
withholding at source any amount in respect of Portuguese withholding tax, whenever applicable, on 
interest payments arising from the Notes. 
Capital Gains 
Under current Portuguese law, capital gains obtained by Portuguese tax resident companies on the 
disposal of Notes issued by non-resident entities are included in their taxable income and are subject to 
corporate income tax rate at a rate of (i) 21 per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise 
or a small and mid-capitalization enterprise (Small Mid Cap) as established in Decree-Law no. 372/2007, 
of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent., for taxable profits up to €50,000 and 21 per cent. on profits in excess 
thereof, or (iii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise or a small and mid-capitalization enterprise 
that qualifies as a start-up under the terms foreseen in Law no. 21/2023, of 25 May, and that cumulatively 
meets the conditions established in article 2(1)(f) of the referred Law, 12.5 per cent., for taxable profits 
up to €50,000 and 21 per cent. on profits in excess thereof, to which is added a municipal surcharge of 
up to 1.5 per cent. over the Portuguese corporate Noteholders' taxable profits, where applicable. 
Corporate taxpayers with a taxable income of more than €1,500,000 are also subject to a state surcharge 
(derrama estadual) of (i) 3 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €1,500,000 up to 
€7,500,000, (ii) 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €7,500,000 up to €35,000,000, 
And (iii) 9 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds €35,000,000.  
Capital gains obtained by individuals who are resident in Portugal for tax purposes on the disposal of 
Notes are subject to a special tax rate of 28 per cent., levied on the positive difference between the capital 
gains and capital losses of each year unless the individual opts to include the income in his taxable 
income, subject to tax at the current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. An additional surcharge (taxa 
adicional de solidariedade) will be due on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: 
(i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. 
on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding €250,000. 
The positive balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer for consideration 
of shares and other securities is mandatorily accumulated and taxed at progressive rates if the assets have 
been held for less than 365 days and the taxable income of the taxpayer, including the balance of the 
capital gains and capital losses, amounts to or exceeds EUR81,199.  
No Portuguese withholding tax applies on capital gains. 
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation 
The EU Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 
2014, introduced the automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation concerning bank accounts 
in accordance with the Global Standard released by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and 
Development in July 2014 (the "Common Reporting Standard"). 
Portugal has implemented Directive 2011/16/EU through Decree-Law 61/2013, of 10 May 2013, as 
amended by Decree-Law 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, Law no. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017, Law no. 
17/2019, of 14 February 2019 and Law no. 24-D/2022, of 30 December 2022. 
The EU Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014 regarding the mandatory automatic 
exchange of information in the field of taxation was transposed into the Portuguese Law through the 
Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October. Under such law, the Issuer will be required to collect 
information regarding certain accountholders and report such information to Portuguese Tax Authorities 
– which, in turn, will report such information to the relevant Tax Authorities of EU Member States or

--- Page 379 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
379 
 
third States which have signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange 
of Financial Account Information for the Common Reporting Standard. 
Under the EU Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are required 
to report to the tax authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the 
state of residence) information regarding bank accounts, including custodial accounts, held by individual 
persons residing in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual 
persons residing in a different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the 
Directive. The information refers to the account balance at the end of the calendar year, income paid or 
credited in the account and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the financial assets paid or 
credited in the account during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as custodian, 
broker, nominee, or otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among others. 
In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October, which was amended by Law 
no. 98/2017, of 24 August and Law no. 17/2019 of 14 February 2019, all information regarding the 
registration of the financial institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations arising 
thereof and the applicable forms were approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-B/2016, of 2 
December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 282/2018, of 19 October 2018, 
Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-
D/2016, of 2 December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order no. 255/2017, of 14 August and by 
Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 58/2018, of 27 February 2018 and Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-
E/2016, of 2 December 2016. The exchange of information shall be made in an annual basis, until 31 
May of each year comprising the information gathered respecting the previous year. 
The EU Council Directive 2021/514/EU, of 22 March 2023, has amended Council Directive 2011/16/EU 
aiming to combat the fraud, evasion and tax avoidance in the digital economy and the cross-border 
dimension of the services offered through the use of digital platforms. Under this regime, any digital 
platform that connects sellers of certain goods and services with the respective buyers should report to 
the local tax authorities information on the economic activities carried out by the users. Council Di-
rective 2021/514/EU was implemented through Law 36/2023, of 26 July 2023, which amended De-cree-
Law 61/2013, of 10 May 2013. 
FATCA 
Portugal has implemented, through Law 82-B/2014, of 31 December 2014 and Decree Law 64/2016, of 
11 of October 2016, the legislation based on the reciprocal exchange of information with the United 
States of America on financial accounts subject to disclosure in order to comply with Sections 1471 
through 1474 of FATCA. In this regard, the United States of America and Portugal have signed on 6 
August 2015 an intergovernmental agreement (IGA). The IGA entered into force on 10 August 2016, 
and through Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, which was amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 
24 August 2017, and Law no. 17/2019 of 14 February 2019, the Portuguese government approved the 
complementary regulation required to comply with FATCA. Under this legislation the Issuer is required 
to obtain information regarding certain accountholders and report such information to the Portuguese tax 
authorities, which, in turn, will report such information to the IRS. The exchange of information shall be 
made by 31 May of each year comprising the information gathered respecting the previous year.  
SOUTH AFRICA TAXATION 
The following is a general description of the taxation in South Africa of Notes according to the South 
African tax laws in force at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the 
interpretation and application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The 
following general description does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of Notes and does not

--- Page 380 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
380 
 
purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such 
as professional dealers in securities) may be subject to special rules. Potential investors are under all 
circumstances strongly recommended to contact their own tax advisor to clarify the individual 
consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of Notes. The Issuer makes no representations 
regarding the tax consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
The following is a non-exhaustive summary of the South African tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of the Notes by South African tax residents and non-residents who are 
beneficial owners of the Notes. 
Income Tax on the Note 
Under current taxation law effective in South Africa a "resident" (as defined in section 1 of the South 
African Income Tax Act 58 of 1962 (the "Income Tax Act") is subject to income tax on their worldwide 
income and a person who is not tax resident in South Africa is subject to tax on income from a South 
African source (subject to domestic exemptions or relief in terms of an applicable double taxation treaty). 
Any relief under an applicable double taxation agreement may be subject to the application of the 
Multilateral Convention to implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit 
Shifting (MLI). Subject to any available deductions, allowances and exemptions, any amount (including 
income in the form of interest) received by or accruing to a South African tax resident in respect of the 
Notes will be subject to income tax.  
The tax treatment of resident Holders will depend on whether amounts derived in respect of the Notes 
constitute an amount of a revenue nature or an amount of a capital nature. However, because the Notes 
may constitute a wide variety of instruments subject to different terms, it may be possible for an amount 
earned pursuant to the Notes to be capital in nature and not "interest" or revenue in nature, and therefore 
subject to capital gains tax instead of income tax. The terms of the instrument, and the statutory and/or 
common law rules and principles that determine whether an amount is "interest" or revenue, or capital in 
nature, will need to be considered. In addition to the terms of the instrument, the circumstances of the 
Holder could impact the tax treatment of amounts derived in respect of the Notes. The Holder could be 
exempt from tax, may hold the Notes as long-term investments on capital account, or may be trading in 
the Notes on revenue account. Holders are advised to consult their own professional advisers as to the 
nature of any amount earned pursuant to the Notes, and the tax treatment of the amount. 
South African tax non-resident persons are subject to income tax on all amounts derived from a South 
African source (subject to domestic exemptions, such as those for interest income mentioned below, or 
relief in terms of applicable double taxation agreements). Depending on the nature of the amount, 
different domestic rules regarding the determination of the source of the income will be applicable. 
(Regarding the treatment of amounts earned by non-residents of South Africa that are capital in nature, 
see "Capital Gains Tax" below).  
Interest as defined in section 24J of the Income Tax Act (see below) is derived from a South African 
source if that amount: 
(a) 
is attributable to an amount incurred by a person that is a South African tax resident, unless the 
interest is attributable to a foreign permanent establishment of that resident; or 
(b) 
is received or accrues in respect of the utilisation or application in South Africa by any person 
of any funds or credit obtained in terms of any form of "interest-bearing arrangement". 
The Issuers are not tax resident in South Africa. Accordingly, unless the amounts raised by the Issuers 
from issuing the Notes are utilised or applied in South Africa by the Issuers or any person, any interest 
paid to any non-resident holders of the Notes will not be deemed to be from a South African source and

--- Page 381 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
381 
 
will not be subject to South African income tax.  If the interest earned by a Noteholder is from a South 
African source, it will be subject to South African income tax unless such interest income is exempt from 
South African income tax under section 10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act. 
Under section 10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act, any amount of interest that is received by or accrued 
(during any year of assessment) by or to any Holder that is not a resident of South Africa is exempt from 
income tax, unless: 
(a) 
that person is a natural person who was physically present in South Africa for a period exceeding 
183 days in aggregate during the twelve-month period preceding the date on which the interest 
is received or accrued by or to that person; or 
(b) 
the debt from which the interest arises is effectively connected to a permanent establishment of 
that person in South Africa. 
If a Noteholder that is not a tax resident of South Africa does not qualify for the exemption under section 
10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act, an exemption from or reduction of any South African tax liability may 
be available under an applicable double taxation agreement. Furthermore, certain entities may be exempt 
from income tax. Noteholders are advised to consult their own professional advisers as to whether the 
interest income earned on the Notes will be exempt under section 10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act or 
under an applicable double taxation agreement. 
If a Holder is a South African tax resident, under section 10(1)(i) of the Income Tax Act, the aggregate 
amount of any interest received by or that accrues to a South African tax resident Holder of the Notes 
who is a natural person, and from a source in South Africa, will be exempt from normal tax as does not 
during the year of assessment exceed: 
(a) 
in the case of a person who would have been 65 years of age on the last day of the year of 
assessment, R34,500; or 
(b) 
in any other case, R23,800. 
The taxation of interest income is generally governed by section 24J of the Income Tax Act, which 
applies to interest bearing arrangements. Interest income which accrues (or is deemed to accrue) to a 
Holder of Notes in accordance with section 24J of the Income Tax Act, must be included in the Holder’s 
gross income and is deemed to accrue on a day to-day basis until that Holder disposes of the Notes or 
until maturity. This day-to-day basis accrual is determined by calculating the yield to maturity (as defined 
in section 24J of the Income Tax Act) and applying this rate to the capital involved for the relevant tax 
period. If on disposal or on maturity the Holder has included in gross income interest that the Holder did 
not actually receive (i.e. an accrual amount), section 24J allows the deduction of an adjusted loss. Any 
premium or discount to the nominal amount of the Notes is also treated as interest for the purposes of the 
exemption under section 10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act (see above). 
To the extent the disposal of the Notes gives rise to a gain or a loss, the normal principles are to be applied 
in determining whether such gain or loss should be subject to income tax in terms of the Income Tax 
Act. If the Notes are disposed of on a speculative basis or as part of a scheme of profit making, the gain 
should generally be revenue in nature and subject to normal tax at the normal income tax rates. If the 
Notes are held with a capital intention any gain on disposal will likely be subject to the lower capital 
gains tax (explained in more detail below). 
Section 24JB of the Income Tax Act, deals with the taxation of “financial assets” and “financial 
liabilities” of “covered persons” (for example, a financial institution registered in terms of section 1 of 
the South African Financial Markets Act, 2012, the South African Reserve Bank or a registered banking

--- Page 382 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
382 
 
institution (including companies forming part of a banking group), but excluding long term and short 
term insurance institutions who determine their taxable income in respect of certain financial instruments 
by including in or deducting from their income). If Section 24JB applies to the Notes and the Holders, 
the tax treatment of the acquisition, holding and/or disposal of the Notes will differ from what is set out 
in this section. Holders of Notes should seek advice from their own professional advisers as to whether 
these provisions may apply to them. 
Income Tax on payment under the guarantee 
Holders of Notes who are South African tax residents will be subject to South African income tax on 
payments received or accrued under the guarantee, regardless of the source of that income. Non-resident 
holders of Notes will be liable for South African income tax on payments received or accrued under the 
guarantee if the source of the guarantee payments is located in South Africa. The statutory source rules 
contained in the Income Tax Act do not directly address the source of payments made under the 
guarantee. Accordingly, the source of payments under the guarantee is likely to be determined with 
reference to relevant rules and principles under South African common law. Any relief under an 
applicable double taxation agreement may be subject to the application of the MLI. 
Notes Transfer Act 
The issue, sale or redemption of the Notes, other than depositary receipts, are not subject to any Securities 
Transfer Tax, as they do not constitute “securities” for the purposes of the South African Securities 
Transfer Tax Act 25 of 2007. Any future transfer duties and/or taxes that may be introduced in respect 
of (or applicable to) the transfer of the Notes will be for the account of Holders of the Notes. 
Value Added Tax 
No value-added tax ("VAT") is payable on the issue or transfer of South African Notes. The issue, 
allotment, drawing, acceptance, endorsement or transfer of ownership of a debt security constitute 
“financial services” as defined in section 2 of the Value-Added Tax Act 89 of 1991 (the VAT Act), which 
are exempt from VAT in terms of section 12(a) of the VAT Act. However, commissions, fees or similar 
charges raised by a South African VAT vendor for the facilitation of the supply of “financial services” 
will be subject to VAT at the standard rate (currently 15 per cent at the date of initial issuance of the 
Notes), except where the recipient is a non-resident. 
The taxable supply of services (including exempt financial services) rendered by a registered vendor to 
non-residents of South Africa who are not in South Africa when the services are rendered, are subject to 
VAT at the zero rate in terms of section 11(2)(l) of the VAT Act. 
Capital Gains Tax 
Capital gains and losses on the disposal of Notes made by South African residents are subject to capital 
gains tax, to the extent that a resident Noteholder disposes of Notes other than on a speculative basis or 
as part of a scheme of profit-making. 
Capital gains tax under the Eighth Schedule to the Income Tax Act will not be levied in relation to Notes 
disposed of by a person who is not a tax resident of South Africa unless the Notes disposed of are 
effectively connected with a permanent establishment of that non-resident in South Africa during the 
relevant year of assessment. The tax treatment will be subject to the provisions of any applicable tax 
treaty. Any relief under an applicable double taxation agreement may be subject to the application of the 
MLI.

--- Page 383 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
383 
 
A sale of the Notes by a South Africa tax resident holder may result in a capital gain or loss if the Notes 
were held as capital assets or a revenue gain or loss if the Notes were held as trading stock. Any such 
capital gain or revenue gain will be subject to capital gains tax or income tax, respectively, in the holder’s 
hands. The gain or loss is determined in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act and any 
discount or premium on acquisition which has already been treated as interest for income tax purposes, 
under section 24J of the Income Tax Act will not be taken into account when determining any capital 
gain or loss. If the Notes are disposed of or redeemed prior to or on maturity, an "adjusted gain on 
transfer or redemption of an instrument", or an "adjusted loss on transfer or redemption of an 
instrument", as contemplated in section 24J of the Income Tax Act, must be calculated. Any such 
adjusted gain or adjusted loss is deemed to have been incurred or to have accrued in the year of 
assessment in which the transfer or redemption occurred. The calculation of the adjusted gain or adjusted 
loss will take into account, among other things, all interest which has already been deemed to accrue to 
the Noteholder over the term that the instrument. Under section 24J(4A) of the Income Tax Act, where 
an adjusted loss on transfer or redemption of an instrument realised by a holder of a Note includes interest 
that has previously been included in the income of the holder, that amount will qualify as a deduction 
from the income of the holder during the year of assessment in which the transfer or redemption takes 
place and will not give rise to a capital loss. 
To the extent that a Noteholder constitutes a "covered person" (as defined in section 24JB of the Income 
Tax Act) and section 24JB applies to the Notes, the Noteholder will be taxed in accordance with the 
provisions of section 24JB of the Act and the capital gains tax provisions would not apply.  
Holders of Notes should seek advice from their own professional advisers as to whether a disposal or 
redemption of Notes will result in a liability for capital gains tax. 
Taxation of Foreign Exchange Gains and Losses 
The Notes may be denominated in a currency other than ZAR ("Foreign Currency Notes"). A South 
African tax resident who holds Foreign Currency Notes and who is (1) a company; (2) a trust carrying 
on a trade; or (3) a natural person who holds the Notes as trading stock will be required to account for 
foreign exchange gains and losses on the translation and realisation of the Notes in accordance with the 
provisions of section 24I of the Income Tax Act. Such persons may be required to include in or deduct 
from their income any translations and realisations exchange gains and losses on the Notes.  
No taxable foreign exchange gains or losses will arise for such South Africa resident Holders where the 
Notes are attributable to a permanent establishment outside of South Africa and the functional currency 
of that permanent establishment is denominated in a foreign currency. 
No foreign exchange gains or losses on translation and realisation of the Notes in accordance with the 
provisions of section 24I of the Income Tax Act will arise for non-resident holders of the Notes, unless 
such Notes are attributable to a South African permanent establishment of such non-resident holder. 
Persons holding the Notes as capital assets will be required to take currency fluctuations into account in 
determining the capital gain or loss in respect of the disposal of the Notes in accordance with the 
provisions of the Eighth Schedule of the Income Tax Act. 
Withholding Tax 
A final withholding tax on interest at the rate of 15% is levied on interest payments made to a non-
resident of South Africa but the withholding tax on interest only applies in circumstances where such 
interest is regarded as having been received or accrued from a source within South Africa.

--- Page 384 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
384 
 
There are certain exemptions from the withholding tax on interest in respect of South African sourced 
interest paid to a foreign person, including payments of interest made: 
(a) 
in respect of “listed debt”, being debt listed on a “recognised exchange”, as defined in terms of 
paragraph 1 of the Eighth Schedule to the Income Tax Act; or 
(b) 
in respect of a debt owed by another foreign person unless, 1) that foreign person is a natural 
person who was physically present in South Africa for a period exceeding 183 (one hundred 
and eighty three) days in aggregate during the twelve month period preceding the date on which 
the interest is paid and 2) the debt claim in respect of which that interest is paid is effectively 
connected with a permanent establishment of that other foreign person in South Africa if that 
other foreign person is registered as a taxpayer in terms of Chapter 3 of the South African Tax 
Administration Act 28 of 2011. 
In both instances in (a) or (b) above the foreign person must submit a declaration in a prescribed form 
confirming their exemption to the person liable for the payment of the interest before payment of the 
interest is made. 
A foreign person could also qualify for the exemption if the foreign person is an institution listed in 
section 50D of the Income Tax Act. 
If a foreign person does not qualify for any of the above exemptions, then any interest paid to that foreign 
person will not be exempt from the withholding tax on interest unless another exemption is applicable. 
Section 8F and 8FA of the Income Tax Act 
Section 8F of the Income Tax Act applies to "hybrid debt instruments", and section 8FA of the Income 
Tax Act applies to “hybrid interest”, which are terms defined in the Income Tax Act, with reference to 
“debt” instruments that have certain equity-like features. Section 8F and 8FA of the Income Tax Act 
provide that interest on a “hybrid debt instrument” and/or “hybrid interest” are, for purposes of the 
Income Tax Act, deemed to be a dividend in specie. If either of these provisions apply, the tax treatment 
of the interest may differ from what is set out above, and such payments may be subject to dividends 
withholding tax as a result of the deemed classification of interest as dividends in specie. The provisions 
of section 8F and 8FA of the Income Tax Act are subject to certain exemptions. 
Holders of Notes are advised to consult their own professional advisers to ascertain whether the 
abovementioned provisions may apply to them. 
Withholding Tax on Guarantee Payments 
The applicability of the interest withholding tax is limited to the payment of “interest” which is defined 
in the Income Tax Act to include “interest and similar finance charges”. In the event that a Guarantor 
makes a payment in respect of a guarantee, under current South African tax law such payments under a 
guarantee will not be subject to South African withholding tax. However, payments made in respect of 
default interest on any guarantee payments may be subject to a final withholding tax on interest levied at 
a rate of 15% (which rate may be reduced if a double tax agreement applies and certain formalities are 
complied with) to the extent that the amount is regarded as having been received or accrued from a South 
African source. The source of payments under the guarantee is likely to be determined with reference to 
relevant rules and principles under South African common law. Any relief under an applicable double 
taxation agreement may be subject to the application of the MLI.

--- Page 385 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
385 
 
Definition of Interest 
The references to "interest" above mean "interest" as understood in South African tax law. The statements 
above do not take any account of any different definitions of "interest" or "principal" which may prevail 
under any other law or which may be created by additional terms and conditions of the South African 
Notes or any related documentation 
SPANISH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the main Spanish tax implications deriving from the ownership, transfer, 
redemption or reimbursement of the Notes referred to in this Base Prospectus by individuals or legal 
persons who are resident in Spain for tax purposes and by Spanish Non-Resident Income Tax ("NRIT") 
taxpayers acting, with respect to the Notes, through a permanent establishment in Spain. 
This summary is based on the Spanish law in force as of the date of approval of this Base Prospectus and 
on the administrative interpretations thereof, and therefore is subject to any changes in such laws and 
interpretations thereof occurring after that date, including changes having retroactive effect. In particular, 
this description is based on the provisions established in the Individual Income Tax Law (the "IIT Law") 
(Law 35/2006, of 28 November 2006, as amended), the Corporate Income Tax Law (the "CIT Law") 
(Law 27/2014, of 27 November 2014, as amended) and in the Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law (the 
"NRIT Law")  (approved by Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March 2004, as amended) and does 
not take into consideration any special regime applied by individuals or legal persons (such as financial 
entities, exempt entities, cooperatives, individuals who acquire the Notes by reason of employment, 
pension funds, collective investment in transferrable securities or look-through entities).  
In addition, the following section does not cover those tax laws in force in the Spanish Basque provinces 
and Navarra as well as the particularities in force in the Spanish autonomous communities (comunidades 
autónomas), or the special rules applicable to transactions among related persons for Spanish tax 
purposes. 
Accordingly, this summary is for general information only and does not purport to be a tax advice, thus 
prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own tax advisors as to the applicable tax 
consequences of their purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes, including the effect of tax laws 
of any other jurisdiction, based on their particular circumstances. Also prospective investors should note 
that the appointment by an investor in Notes, or any person through which an investor holds Notes, of a 
custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Notes in any jurisdiction may have tax 
implications. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors in relation to the tax 
consequences for them of any such appointment. 
For the purposes of our analysis, we have assumed that the relevant Issuer(s) is/are, in the case of 
Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI, a company resident for tax purposes in the United States and for the purposes 
of the Convention between the Kingdom of Spain and the United States for the Avoidance of Double 
Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income signed on 22 February 
1990, as amended in October 2019, and entitled to its benefits, and, in the case of CGMFL, is resident 
for tax purposes in Luxembourg and for the purposes of the Convention between the Kingdom of Spain 
and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the avoidance of Double Taxation with respect to Taxes on 
Income and on Capital and the Prevention of Fiscal Fraud and Evasion signed on 4 August 1987, as 
amended in May 2010, and entitled to its benefits, that the Issuers do not act with respect to the Notes 
through a permanent establishment in Spain, that the proceeds of the Notes are not used in Spain by the 
Issuer(s), and that the investors in the Notes are resident in Spain for tax purposes or NRIT taxpayers 
acting, with respect to such Notes, through a permanent establishment in Spain.

--- Page 386 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
386 
 
Spanish tax resident individuals 
(a) 
Individual Income Tax ("IIT") (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
The Spanish IIT is regulated by the IIT Law and supplemented by the IIT Regulations approved 
by Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March 2007, as amended (the "IIT Regulations"). 
The Notes are deemed securities (activos financieros), in accordance with the definition set 
forth in Article 91 of the IIT Regulations and its interpretation by the Spanish tax authorities, 
and hence the rules provided with regard to securities must be taken into consideration. 
According to Article 25.2 of the IIT Law and its interpretation by the Spanish tax authorities, 
interest as well as income arising on the transfer, redemption or reimbursement of the Notes 
obtained by individuals who are resident in Spain for tax purposes will be deemed income from 
movable property and therefore will be included in the investor's IIT savings taxable base and 
taxed, together with the other savings income obtained by such investor in that same tax year, 
at a flat tax rate of 19 per cent. on the first EUR6,000, 21 per cent. for taxable income between 
EUR6,000.01 to EUR50,000, 23 per cent. for taxable income between EUR50,000.01 and 
EUR200,000, 27 per cent. for taxable income between EUR200,000.01 to EUR300,000 and 28 
per cent. for taxable income in excess of EUR300,000. 
As a general rule, income earned by Spanish resident individuals under the Notes should qualify 
as interest payments. In general, interest payments obtained by Spanish resident individuals 
should be subject to withholding tax at a 19 per cent. rate on account of IIT (creditable against 
final tax liability). 
Notwithstanding the above, as non-resident in Spain entities not acting through a permanent 
establishment are not bound to withhold on account of IIT on payments made to Spanish 
resident individuals, interest payments under the Notes should be only subject to withholding 
tax in Spain in case they are deposited in a depositary entity or individual resident in Spain (or 
acting through a permanent establishment in Spain) or if an entity or individual resident in Spain 
(or acting through a permanent establishment in Spain) is in charge of the collection of the 
income derived from the Notes, provided that such income had not been previously subject to 
withholding tax in Spain. 
However, when the Notes (i) are represented in book-entry form; (ii) are admitted to trading on 
a Spanish secondary stock exchange; and (iii) generate explicit yield, holders can benefit from 
a withholding tax exemption in respect of the income arising from the transfer or reimbursement 
of the Notes, save in respect of income derived from accounts entered into with financial 
institutions, provided that such accounts are based on financial instruments, such as the Notes. 
However, under certain circumstances, when a transfer of the Notes has occurred within the 30-
day period immediately preceding any relevant coupon payment date such holders may not be 
eligible for such withholding tax exemption. 
Holders of Notes shall compute the gross interest obtained in the taxable base of the tax period 
in which it is due, including amounts withheld, if any. Income arising on the transfer, 
redemption or reimbursement of Notes will be calculated as the difference between (i) the 
transfer, redemption or reimbursement value of such Notes (deducting the additional costs and 
expenses incurred in the transfer, if they are duly justified) and (ii) their acquisition or 
subscription value (adding the additional costs and expenses incurred in the acquisition, if they 
are duly justified).

--- Page 387 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
387 
 
Should a holder of Notes acquire homogeneous securities within the two-month period prior or 
subsequent to the transfer of such Notes, negative income that may derive from such transfer 
cannot be included in his or her IIT taxable base until the homogeneous securities are 
transferred. 
The net taxable income related to interest derived from the Notes shall be determined by 
deducting the management and deposit expenses from the gross income, excluding those 
pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management.  
Additionally, tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation in accordance with 
the IIT Law or any applicable convention for the avoidance of double taxation entered into by 
Spain may apply in respect of taxes paid abroad, if any, on income deriving from Notes. 
(b) 
Net Wealth Tax (Net Wealth Tax) (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Only individual holders of Notes would be subject to the Net Wealth Tax as legal persons are 
not taxable persons under Net Wealth Tax.  
Relevant taxpayers will be individuals who have their habitual residence in Spain regardless of 
the place where their assets or rights are located or could be exercised, and non-Spanish resident 
individuals owning assets or rights which are located or could be exercised in Spain whose net 
wealth is higher than EUR700,000, as this amount is considered as exempt from Net Wealth 
Tax. 
Taxpayers should include in their Net Wealth Tax self-assessment the Notes (assuming they 
qualify as debt instruments) for the following amounts: 
(i) 
if they are listed in an official market, the average negotiation value of the fourth 
quarter; and 
(ii) 
in other case, its nominal value (including redemption premiums). 
The value of the Notes together with the rest of the taxpayer's wealth, once reduced by the 
deductible in rem liens and encumbrances which reduce the rights and assets values and the 
personal debts of the taxpayer, shall be taxed at a tax rate between 0.2 to 3.5 per cent. 
Finally, please note that the Spanish regions are entitled to modify (i) the threshold of net wealth 
exempt from taxation; (ii) the tax rates; and (iii) the tax benefits and exemptions to be applied 
in their territory. 
(c) 
Inheritance and Gift Tax ("IGT") (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire Notes by inheritance or gift will be 
subject to the Spanish IGT in accordance with the IGT Law (Ley 29/1987, de 18 de diciembre, 
del Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones), without prejudice to the specific legislation 
applicable in each autonomous region. The effective tax rate, after applying all relevant factors, 
ranges from 0 per cent. to 81.6 per cent. depending on several factors such as pre-existing 
heritage of the heir or donee, or the kinship with the deceased or the donor. Additionally, it 
should be taken into consideration that IGT management has been transferred to the Spanish 
Autonomous Regions therefore, a detailed analysis in each specific case should be carried out 
to analyse the applicable regional legislation since there might be differences in respect of the 
final taxation under IGT depending on the region in which an investor resides.

--- Page 388 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
388 
 
Please bear in mind that, in case the Notes are deemed to be exercisable in Spain, non-resident 
individuals who acquire Notes by inheritance or gift may also be subject to the Spanish IGT. 
Tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation may apply in respect of similar 
taxes paid abroad, if any, in respect of Notes. 
Legal persons resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to IGT, thus the income that 
they may obtain from gift or inheritance, as the case may be, will be subject to Spanish 
Corporate Income Tax ("CIT") on the market value of Notes received, provided that the legal 
persons obtaining such income are Spanish CIT taxpayers. 
(d) 
Temporary Solidarity Tax on Large Fortunes ("STLF") (Impuesto temporal de solidaridad de 
las grandes fortunas). 
STLF is a NWT's complementary tax which is levied on individuals holding a world-wide net 
wealth of EUR3,000,000.  
The value of the Notes together with the rest of the taxpayer's net wealth (exceeding 
EUR3,000,000) shall be taxed at a tax rate between 1.7 and 3.5 per cent.. 
Individuals who have their habitual residence in Spain regardless of the place where their assets 
or rights are located or could be exercised, and non-Spanish resident individuals owning assets 
or rights which are located or could be exercised in Spain will be entitled to a EUR700,000 
rebate to their taxable base (i.e. STLF will be triggered for a net wealth exceeding 
EUR3,700,000). 
Individuals whose tax residence is located in Spain will be entitled to deduct taxes paid abroad 
with certain limitations. 
STLF quota together with the NWT and the IIT quotas, shall not surpass 60 per cent. of the IIT 
taxable base. If said summation exceeds said threshold, the STLF quota could be reduced up to 
80 per cent.. After applying said limitations, it could be deducted from the final STLF Tax 
quota: (i) any taxes paid abroad following the NWT relevant provisions and without prejudice 
of the dispositions contained in any double tax treaty or international appliable legislation and 
(ii) the NWT quota effectively paid.  
Although the STLF was conceived as a temporary tax that would only accrue on Fiscal Years 
2022 and 2023, Royal Decree-Law 8/2023 of 27 December has established its indefinite nature 
until the Spanish Autonomous Regions Net Wealth taxation is reviewed. 
Spanish legal persons subject to Corporate Income Tax ("CIT") (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Interest and income arising on the transfer, redemption or reimbursement of Notes obtained by legal 
entities resident for tax purposes in Spain and regarded as CIT taxpayers shall be computed as taxable 
income of the tax period of its accrual, in accordance with the rules contained in the CIT Law and 
supplemented by the CIT regulations, approved by Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July 2015 (the "CIT 
Regulations"). 
The general CIT rate for Spanish CIT taxpayers is currently 25 per cent. However, certain CIT taxpayers, 
such as banks and investment funds, may be subject to higher or lower CIT rates. 
Taxpayers with an annual net turnover higher than EUR 20 million or who are taxed jointly under a CIT 
group will be subject to a minimum 15 per cent. effective CIT rate of the adjusted taxable base (additional

--- Page 389 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
389 
 
requirements or limitations may apply depending on the nature and circumstances of a given taxpayer). 
Please note that the CIT Law allows further reduction of this minimum taxation threshold by offsetting, 
among others, international double tax credits if any are available. 
Tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation in accordance with the CIT Law or any 
applicable convention for the avoidance of double taxation entered into by Spain may apply in respect 
of taxes paid abroad, if any, on income deriving from Notes. 
As a general rule, interest payments and income upon transfer or redemption under the Notes shall be 
subject to withholding tax at 19 per cent. rate on account of CIT (creditable against final tax liability).  
Notwithstanding this, as non-resident in Spain entities not acting through a permanent establishment are 
not bound to withhold on account of CIT on payments made to Spanish resident entities, interest 
payments and income upon transfer or redemption under the Notes should be only subject to withholding 
tax in Spain in case they are deposited in a depositary entity resident in Spain (or acting through a 
permanent establishment in Spain) or if an entity or individual resident in Spain (or acting through a 
permanent establishment in Spain) is in charge of the collection of the income derived from the Notes, 
provided that such income had not been previously subject to withholding tax in Spain. 
However, when (i) the Notes are represented in book-entry form and are admitted to trading on a Spanish 
secondary stock exchange or on the Spanish Alternative Fixed Income Market (MARF); or (ii) the notes 
are listed on a market in an OECD member state; holders who are corporate income taxpayers can benefit 
from a withholding tax exemption in respect of interest payments and income arising from the transfer 
or redemption of the Notes, exception made of income derived from accounts entered into with financial 
entities, provided that such accounts are based on financial instruments, such as Notes. 
Spanish Financial Transaction Tax (FTT) 
The acquisition of shares of a Spanish listed company trading on a regulated market in Spain, any other 
Member State of the European Union, or on a market in a third country if the market is considered to be 
equivalent, with a market capitalization greater than 1,000 million euros (Qualifying Shares) and the 
acquisition of certificates of deposit representing Qualifying Shares (Qualifying Certificates), such as 
American depositary receipts, regardless of the type of market or trading centre where the trades are 
executed (regulated market, multilateral trading facility, systematic internaliser; or OTC transactions), 
are subject, save for certain exceptions, to Spanish FTT at a 0.2 per cent. of the corresponding acquisition 
price (excluding the costs and expenses associated to such transaction). 
In addition to the above, the acquisition of Qualifying Shares and Qualifying Certificates under the 
execution or settlement of convertible or exchangeable bonds or debentures, of derivatives, as well as of 
any financial instrument, or of certain financial contracts, are also subject to the Spanish FTT. 
Non-resident investors subject to NRIT (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
Based on the fact that none of the Issuers are resident in Spain for tax purposes, that the payments of the 
Notes are not effectively allocated to a permanent establishment in Spain of the Issuers and that the 
proceeds of the Notes are not used in Spain by the Issuers, no Spanish NRIT should, in principle, be 
levied on investors that are not resident in Spain for tax purposes, unless they are acting with respect to 
Notes through a Spanish permanent establishment.  
In addition to the above, and in accordance to binding ruling V0185-20 of 27 January 2020, certain 
securities (such as financial derivatives) may be classified, for the purposes of the relevant double tax 
treaty, as business profits or other income and, as mentioned above, should not be considered, in general 
terms, as Spanish-source income, subject to the provisions of any relevant double tax treaty.

--- Page 390 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
390 
 
According to the general principles of the Spanish NRIT Law, Spanish permanent establishments of non-
Spanish tax resident persons are taxed under the NRIT Law in a similar manner to Spanish CIT taxpayers, 
although some specific rules may apply. Due to the complexity of this matter, non-Spanish tax resident 
investors acting in Spain, with respect to Notes, through a permanent establishment are strongly urged 
to seek appropriate advice in respect of their own tax position in this regard. 
Spanish withholding tax 
Where a financial institution (either resident in Spain for tax purposes or acting through a permanent 
establishment in Spain) (a) acts as depositary of Notes, (b) manages the collection of any income under 
Notes, (c) intervenes in their transfer or (d) carries out the redemption or reimbursement of the Notes, on 
behalf of Noteholders either (i) resident in Spain for tax purposes or (ii) holding the Notes through a 
permanent establishment located in Spain, such financial institution will be responsible for making the 
relevant withholding on account of Spanish tax on any income deriving from the relevant Notes. The 
current withholding tax rate in Spain is 19 per cent. Amounts withheld in Spain, if any, can be credited 
against the final Spanish IIT, CIT or NRIT liability, as applicable to the Noteholder. 
Other Spanish taxes (indirect taxation) 
The acquisition, transfer, redemption and reimbursement of Notes will be exempt from indirect taxes in 
Spain, i.e. exempt from or not subject to Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, as the case may be, in accordance 
with the Consolidated Text of such tax approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 21 September 
1993, and exempt from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December 1992, 
regulating such tax. 
SWEDISH TAXATION 
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swedish tax considerations relating to 
(i) Notes issued by any of the Issuer(s) where the holder is tax resident in Sweden or has a tax presence 
in Sweden or (ii) Notes where the Paying Agent or custodian is located in Sweden. This summary of 
certain tax issues that may arise as a result of holding Notes is based on current Swedish tax legislation 
and is intended only as general information for holders of Notes who are resident or domiciled in Sweden 
for tax purposes, unless otherwise stated. This description does not deal comprehensively with all tax 
consequences that may occur for holders of Notes, nor does it cover the specific rules where Notes are 
held by a partnership or are held as current assets in a business operation. The summary does, moreover, 
not cover Notes held on a so-called investment savings account (investeringssparkonto). Special tax 
consequences that are not described below may also apply for certain categories of taxpayers, including 
investment companies and life insurance companies. It is recommended that potential investors in Notes 
consult their own tax advisers for information with respect to the special tax consequences that may arise 
as a result of holding Notes, including the applicability and effect of foreign income tax rules, provisions 
contained in double taxation treaties and other rules which may be applicable. 
Tax residency 
An individual is considered to be tax resident in Sweden based on domicile, continuous stay exceeding 
183 days or having essential ties to Sweden after moving abroad. Essential ties is not limited to any 
specific requirement but rather a complete assessment based on all relevant circumstances. However, 
some circumstances are of greater weight such as keeping a permanent dwelling in Sweden. A company 
is generally deemed tax resident in Sweden based on incorporation under the Swedish Companies Act 
(e.g. limited liability company). In case registration has not taken place, the seat of the board or similar 
circumstances are decisive for determining residency.

--- Page 391 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
391 
 
Withholding of tax  
There is no Swedish withholding tax (källskatt) applicable on payments made by the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes. Sweden operates a system of preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) to secure payment of taxes. In 
the context of the Notes a preliminary tax of 30 per cent. will be deducted from all payments treated as 
interest in respect of the Notes made to any individuals or estates that are resident in Sweden for tax 
purposes provided the paying entity is tax resident in Sweden and subject to reporting obligations. A 
preliminary tax of 30 per cent. will also be deducted from any other payments in respect of the Notes not 
treated as capital gains, if such payments are paid out together with payments treated as interest. For 
limited liability companies (aktiebolag) all capital income is taxed from business operations at a rate of 
20.6 per cent.. Depending on the relevant holder's overall tax liability for the relevant fiscal year the 
preliminary tax may contribute towards, equal or exceed the holder's overall tax liability with any balance 
subsequently to be paid by or to the relevant holder, as applicable. 
Taxation of individuals resident in Sweden 
Capital Income 
For individuals and estates of deceased Swedish individuals, capital gains, interest payments, dividends 
and other income derived from the holding of an asset should be reported as capital income. 
Capital gains and losses  
Individuals and estates of deceased Swedish individuals, who sell their Notes, are subject to capital gains 
taxation. The current tax rate of the gain is 30 per cent.. The capital gain or loss is equal to the difference 
between the sales proceeds after deduction of sales costs and the acquisition cost of the Notes. The 
acquisition cost is calculated according to the so-called average method. This means that the costs of 
acquiring all Notes of the same type and class are added together and calculated collectively, with respect 
to changes to the holding. Optionally, the so-called standard rule under which the acquisition cost is 
deemed to be the equivalent of 20 per cent. of the net sales price may be applied on the disposal of listed 
Notes (except for options and forward contracts) that are taxed in the same manner as shares. A Note 
should be regarded as listed for Swedish tax purposes if it is listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, Euronext Dublin or any other 
foreign market that is considered to be a stock exchange under Swedish tax law. 
As a main rule, 70 per cent. of a capital loss is deductible against any other taxable income derived from 
capital.  
Capital losses on listed Notes that are taxed in the same manner as shares, are, however, fully deductible 
against taxable capital gains on such assets or capital gains on listed shares. Capital losses on listed Notes 
may be deductible against 5/6 of capital gains on non-listed shares in Swedish limited liability companies 
and foreign legal entities. Any excess amount is deductible at 70 per cent., according to the main rule.  
Capital losses on listed Notes qualifying as Swedish receivables (i.e. denominated in SEK) are currently 
fully deductible in the capital income category. Moreover, under EC law receivables denominated in 
foreign currency are also fully deductible.  
If a deficit arises in the capital income, a reduction of the tax on income from employment and from 
business, as well as the tax on real estate, is allowed. The tax reduction allowed amounts to 30 per cent. 
of any deficit not exceeding SEK 100,000 and 21 per cent. of any deficit in excess of SEK 100,000. 
Deficits may not be carried forward to a subsequent fiscal year.

--- Page 392 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
392 
 
Interest  
Interest as well as other income derived from the holding of an asset is subject to tax at a rate of 30 per 
cent. The tax liability arises when the interest (or other income) is actually paid, in accordance with the 
so-called cash method.  
No formal interest accrues on zero-coupon bonds. The profit from a redemption of a zero-coupon bond 
is regarded as interest, subject to tax at the time of redemption. However, the appreciation in value is 
regarded as interest compensation, should the zero-coupon bond be disposed of prior to maturity. If there 
is a loss on the bond, this is deductible as a capital loss in accordance with the principles referred to 
above.  
Stamp duty  
There is no stamp duty on the issuing, transfer or redemption of Notes in Sweden.  
Gift, Inheritance and Wealth taxes  
There is no gift, inheritance or wealth tax in Sweden. 
Taxation of Swedish legal entities  
Limited liability companies and other legal entities, except for estates of deceased Swedish individuals, 
are taxed on all income (including income from the sale of Notes) as income from business activities at 
a flat rate of 20.6 per cent.. Regarding the calculation of a capital gain or loss and the acquisition cost, 
see "Taxation of individuals resident in Sweden" above. However, interest income as well as other 
income derived from the holding of an asset is taxed on an accruals basis.  
Capital losses on Notes that are taxed in the same manner as shares (see further above) incurred by a 
corporate holder of a Note may only be offset against taxable capital gains on shares or such notes. Such 
capital losses may also, under certain circumstances, be deductible against capital gains on shares and 
Notes that are taxed in the same manner as shares within the same group of companies, provided the 
requirements for group contributions (tax consolidation) are met. 
Capital losses on shares and Notes that are taxed in the same manner as shares which are not deducted 
against capital gains within a certain year may be carried forward and offset against taxable capital gains 
on shares and notes taxed in the same manner as shares in the future.  
For limited liability companies and economic associations, capital gains on shares and certain share 
related rights held for business purposes are tax exempt. As a result, capital losses on shares and share 
related rights that are held for business purposes are not deductible. Notes under this offer are not treated 
as share related rights held for business purposes. However, a capital loss on the Notes is not deductible 
should the underlying assets, directly or indirectly, consist of shares or certain share related rights held 
for business purposes.  
As mentioned above, there is no stamp duty on the issuing, transfer or redemption of Notes in Sweden. 
Taxation of non-residents in Sweden  
Holders of Notes who are not fiscally resident in Sweden and who are not carrying on business operations 
from a permanent establishment in Sweden are generally not liable for Swedish capital gains taxation on 
the disposal of Notes. The holders may, nevertheless, be subject to tax in their country of residence.

--- Page 393 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
393 
 
However, as far as non-resident individuals are concerned, capital gains on the sale of certain Notes (such 
as Notes taxed in the same manners as shares) may in some cases be subject to Swedish tax if the 
individual has been resident or permanently lived in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of the 
sale or any of the 10 preceding calendar years. This provision is, nevertheless, in many cases limited by 
tax treaties for the avoidance of double taxation, which Sweden has concluded with approximately 
80 other countries. 
Should dividends be payable, cross border dividends from Sweden are subject to withholding tax 
(kupongskatt) of 30%, a rate which may be reduced under an applicable double tax treaty. 
SWISS TAXATION  
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) Notes 
issued by any of the Issuer(s) where the Holder is tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax presence in 
Switzerland or (ii) Notes where the Paying Agent, custodian or Notes dealer is located in Switzerland. 
The discussion is based on legislation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not aim to be a 
comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision to 
invest in Notes. The tax treatment for each investor depends on the particular situation. All investors are 
advised to consult with their professional tax advisors as to the respective Swiss tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption of Notes (or options embedded therein) 
in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
Payments on a Note are currently not subject to Swiss federal withholding tax PROVIDED THAT the 
respective Issuer(s) is at all times resident and managed outside Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes. 
Income Taxation 
Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
(a) 
Structured Notes 
If a Note classifies as a structured note, its income taxation depends on whether the bond and 
the derivative financial instrument(s) embedded therein are recorded separately from each other 
and whether the Note classifies as a structured note with or without a predominant one-time 
interest payment: 
• 
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments: If the embedded bond is not 
recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s), the Note 
classifies as a non-transparent structured note and any return over the initial investment 
classifies as a taxable interest payment. Non-transparent derivative financial 
instruments generally include a predominant one-time interest payment and are taxed 
in accordance with the principles set forth below under "Transparent derivative 
financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment". 
• 
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one-time interest 
payment: If the embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative 
financial instrument(s) and the yield to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic 
interest payments and not from a one time interest payment (see below "Transparent 
derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment"), then 
any periodic interest payment and the one-time interest payment, if any, is taxed when 
paid to the holder of the Note. A gain, including interest accrued, realised on the sale

--- Page 394 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
394 
 
of a Note is a tax-free private capital gain. A loss realised on the sale of a Note is a 
non-tax-deductible private capital loss, (see below "Notes held as Private Assets by a 
Swiss resident Holder"). The same applies if the Note is redeemed except that interest 
accrued is taxed when paid. 
• 
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest 
payment: If the embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative 
financial instrument(s) and the yield to maturity predominantly derives from a one-
time interest payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and 
not from periodic interest payments, then any periodic interest payments and on the 
redemption or sale of the Note the difference between the value of the embedded bond 
at redemption or sale, as applicable, and its value at issuance or secondary market 
purchase, as applicable, converted, in each case, into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate 
prevailing at the time of sale or redemption, issuance or purchase, respectively 
(modified differential taxation method) constitutes taxable income. A value decrease 
on the embedded bond respectively realised on the sale or redemption of the Note may 
be offset against any gains (including periodic interest payments) realised within the 
same taxation period from all instruments with a predominant one-time interest 
payment. Any residual return realised on the embedded derivative financial 
instrument(s) is a tax-free private capital gain, and any residual loss is a non-tax-
deductible private capital loss, respectively (see below "Notes held as Private Assets 
by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
(b) 
Bonds 
Bonds without a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Note classifies as a pure bond 
without a predominant one-time interest payment (i.e., the yield-to-maturity predominantly 
derives from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time interest payment), Swiss 
resident private investors will be taxed on the periodic and any one-time interest payments, if 
any, converted into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment. A gain, 
including interest accrued, realised on the sale of a Note is a tax-free private capital gain. A loss, 
realised on the sale of a Note is a non tax deductible private capital loss (see below "Notes held 
as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
Bonds with a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Note classifies as a pure bond with a 
predominant one-time interest payment (i.e., the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from 
a one-time interest payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not 
from periodic interest payments), Swiss resident private investors will be taxed on any periodic 
interest payments and on any gains, including capital and foreign exchange gains, realised on 
the Notes (differential taxation method). 
(c) 
Pure Derivative Financial Notes 
Periodic and one-time dividend equalisation payments realised on a Note which classifies as a 
pure derivative financial instrument (such as pure call and put options, including low exercise 
price options with a maturity not exceeding one year, pure futures, static Notes replicating an 
index or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity or an annual redemption right) 
and which is held as part of their private assets constitute taxable investment income. Any other 
return will be classified as a tax-exempt capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss (see 
below "Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
(d) 
Low Exercise Price Options

--- Page 395 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
395 
 
According to the current practice of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration low exercise price 
options are given if the underlying of an option has been pre-financed by at least 50 per cent. at 
the time of issuance. 
For low exercise price options with a maturity exceeding one year the interest component of the 
low exercise price option (i.e. issue discount) constitutes taxable investment income. Any other 
return will be classified as a tax-exempt capital gain or a non-tax deductible capital loss (see 
below "Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). 
(e) 
Fund-like Notes 
A Note classified as a fund-like instrument will be considered a pass-through instrument for 
Swiss tax purposes if dividend and interest income (less attributable costs) from, and capital 
gains and losses (less costs attributable) realised on, the underlying investments, are reported 
and distributed separately. Under such conditions, an individual holding a fund-like Note as part 
of private assets only receives taxable income (which he or she must report annually) over such 
portion of the distributions (in case the fund is distributing the income realised on the underlying 
investments) or earnings credits (in case the fund is reinvesting the income realised on the 
underlying investment) as derive from dividends and interest (less attributable costs) on the 
underlying instruments. Any distributions or credits deriving from capital gains realised on the 
underlying investments constitute a tax-free private capital gain, and any respective loss on the 
underlying investments is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. Any gain realised within a 
taxation period on the sale of a fund-like instrument (including accrued dividends and interest) 
is exempt from income taxation as a private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss realised a 
non-tax-deductible capital loss (see below "Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident 
Holder"). 
Notes held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold Notes as part of a trade or business in Switzerland, in the 
case of residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in 
Switzerland, are required to recognise any payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the 
sale or redemption of, such Notes (irrespective of their classification) in their income statement for the 
respective taxation period and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for such period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who for income tax purposes, are 
classified as "professional Notes dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged 
investments in Notes. 
Capital Gains Taxation 
Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
A gain, realised by an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes upon the sale or other disposal 
of a Note held as part of his or her private assets is a tax-free private capital gain. A loss, realised by an 
individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes upon the sale or other disposal of a Note held as part 
of his or her private assets is a non-tax deductible capital loss. In the case of a gain or a loss, unless such 
individual is classified, for income tax purposes, as a "professional Notes dealer" for reasons of, inter 
alia, frequent dealing and leveraged investments in Notes. If an individual is classified as a "professional 
Notes dealer" he or she will be taxed in accordance with the principles set forth above under "Notes held 
as Assets of a Swiss Business". Concerning the bifurcation of a tax exempt capital gains component, non-
tax deductible capital loss component, respectively, from taxable income components of a Note see the

--- Page 396 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
396 
 
bifurcation principles set forth above with regard to the different instruments under " Notes held as 
Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder". 
Notes held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Capital gains realised on Notes held as Assets of a Swiss Business are taxed in accordance with the 
taxation principles set forth above under "Notes held as Assets of a Swiss Business"). 
Stamp Taxes 
Swiss Federal Issue Stamp Tax 
The Notes are not subject to Swiss federal stamp tax on the issuance of Notes. 
Swiss Federal Securities Turnover Tax 
The issuance of Notes to the initial holders at the original offering price (primary market) is not subject 
to the Swiss federal Notes turnover tax, except that the issuance of Notes which classify as fund like 
instruments may be subject to Swiss federal Notes turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. on the offering 
price, however, only if a Swiss Notes dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or 
an intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. 
Dealings in Notes (secondary market) which classify as pure derivative financial instruments (such as 
pure call and put options, including low exercise price options with a maturity not exceeding twelve 
months, pure futures with a maximal pre-financing of 25 per cent., static Notes replicating an index or a 
basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity on an annual redemption right) are not subject to 
the Swiss federal securities turnover tax. 
Dealings in Notes which have been issued by an issuer outside of Switzerland and which classify as 
structured notes, share-like instruments (including low exercise price options on shares with a maturity 
exceeding twelve months) or fund-like instruments are subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 
up to 0.3 per cent. on the consideration paid, however, only if a Swiss Notes dealer (as defined in the 
Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. 
Dealing in bonds and structured notes with a maturity not exceeding one year are exempt from Swiss 
federal securities turnover tax. 
The delivery of an underlying taxable Note at exercise or redemption to the holder of the Note is subject 
to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. if a Swiss Notes dealer (as defined in the 
Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. 
Gift, Inheritance and Estate Taxes 
Subject to an applicable tax treaty in an international scenario, transfers of Notes may be subject to 
cantonal and/or communal inheritance tax, estate tax or gift tax if the deceased person has had his or her 
last domicile in Switzerland, the donor is resident in Switzerland, respectively, or in the case of a foreign 
deceased or resident person the transfer involves an unincorporated business in Switzerland and Notes 
are held as part of such business. No such taxes exist at the federal level. Rates depend upon the existing 
relationship (i.e. the relationship between the deceased and the heirs, or between the donor and the donee) 
and the size of the inheritance or gift. Interspousal gifts and gifts to descendants and inheritances 
collected by the surviving spouse and descendants are frequently exempt or taxed at very low rates (up 
to 6 per cent.). Gifts and inheritances received from unrelated persons attract rates ranging from 20 per 
cent. to 40 per cent. The taxable base is usually the market value of the property transferred.

--- Page 397 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
397 
 
Net Worth and Capital Taxes 
A holder of Notes who is an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes or is a non-Swiss resident 
holding Notes as part of a Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment is required to 
report Notes as part of private wealth or as part of Swiss business assets, as the case may be, and is 
subject to annual cantonal and/or communal private wealth tax on any net taxable wealth (including the 
Notes), in the case of non-Swiss resident individual holding Notes as part of a Swiss business operation 
or a Swiss permanent establishment to the extent the aggregate taxable wealth is allocable to Switzerland. 
Incorporated holders of Notes are subject to cantonal and communal capital tax on net taxable equity, in 
the case of a non-Swiss resident person holding Notes as part of a Swiss permanent establishment, to the 
extent the aggregate taxable equity is allocable to Switzerland. No net worth and capital taxes exist at the 
federal level. 
Non-Swiss resident Holders 
A holder of a Note who is not resident in Switzerland for tax purposes and who during the taxation year 
has not engaged in trade or business carried on through a business operation or permanent establishment 
in Switzerland, will neither be subject to income tax and capital gains tax nor net wealth or capital tax in 
Switzerland. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the implementation 
of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss financial 
institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the account holder or by 
means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. Information will not be transferred 
automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged only within the scope of 
administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation agreement between the U.S. and Switzerland. 
On 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal Council approved a mandate for negotiations with the U.S. on 
changing the current direct-notification-based regime to a regime where the relevant information is sent 
to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, which in turn provides the information to the U.S. tax 
authorities. 
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On 19 November, 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the 
"MCAA"). The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance 
convention and is intended to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of Information 
(the "AEOI"). The Federal Act on the International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
(the "AEOI Act") entered into force on 1 January, 2017. The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the 
implementation of the AEOI standard in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral agreements. 
The agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, compliance with the 
principle of speciality (i.e. the information exchanged may only be used to assess and levy taxes (and for 
criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data protection. 
Based on such multilateral or bilateral agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, 
Switzerland exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Notes, held in, 
and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland for 
the benefit of individuals resident in a EU member state or in a treaty state. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX ("FTT")

--- Page 398 ---
Taxation of Notes 
 
398 
 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 399 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
399 
 
SECTION H – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
CONTENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title ................................................................................................................ 407 
2. 
Exchanges and Transfers of Notes ........................................................................................................... 410 
3. 
Status ....................................................................................................................................................... 414 
4. 
Interest ..................................................................................................................................................... 414 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase........................................................................................................................ 415 
6. 
Payments ................................................................................................................................................. 430 
7. 
Taxation ................................................................................................................................................... 438 
8. 
Prescription .............................................................................................................................................. 443 
9. 
Events of Default ..................................................................................................................................... 443 
10. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding ................................................ 446 
11. 
Replacement of Notes .............................................................................................................................. 461 
12. 
Further Issues .......................................................................................................................................... 461 
13. 
Notices ..................................................................................................................................................... 461 
14. 
Consolidation or Merger .......................................................................................................................... 464 
15. 
Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor ....................................... 465 
16. 
Redenomination ....................................................................................................................................... 470 
17. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction ...................................................................................... 471 
18. 
Third Parties and Waiver of Trial by Jury ............................................................................................... 474 
19. 
Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes ..................................................... 474 
20. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................................... 475 
21. 
Italian Listed Certificates ......................................................................................................................... 476 
Underlying Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions) 
479 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................................... 479 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................................. 480 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 480 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ................................................................................................................. 482 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................................... 482 
6. 
Additional Provisions .............................................................................................................................. 482 
Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions) 
485 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................................... 485 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................................. 485 
3. 
Disruption to valuation ............................................................................................................................ 485 
4. 
Additional provisions .............................................................................................................................. 486 
Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions) 
488 
Part A: Introduction to the Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity)  Frequently Asked Questions 488 
Part B: Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
542 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes ........................................................................................................ 542 
2. 
Interest or premium on Credit Linked Notes ........................................................................................... 545 
3. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes ........................................................................................................... 550

--- Page 400 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
400 
 
4. 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes ............................................................................................ 554 
5. 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes ......................................................................................................... 558 
6. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ................................................................................................... 562 
7. 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes ....................................................................................................... 567 
8. 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes .................................................................................................. 572 
9. 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes ..................................................................................... 576 
10. 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes ............................................................................................... 581 
11. 
Index Swaption Provisions ...................................................................................................................... 587 
12. 
Credit Event Notice, Risk Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information ......................... 589 
13. 
Relevant Time ......................................................................................................................................... 589 
14. 
Event Determination Date – Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events ............................................ 590 
15. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension ........................................................................................................ 591 
16. 
M(M)R Restructuring .............................................................................................................................. 592 
17. 
Auction Redemption Terms ..................................................................................................................... 595 
18. 
Cash Redemption Terms ......................................................................................................................... 596 
19. 
Physical Redemption Terms .................................................................................................................... 598 
20. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms ........................................................................................................ 612 
21. 
Redemption upon Merger Event .............................................................................................................. 613 
22. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event .............................................................................................................. 613 
23. 
Effect of DC Resolutions ......................................................................................................................... 614 
24. 
Successor Provisions ............................................................................................................................... 615 
25. 
Deliverable Obligations ........................................................................................................................... 629 
26. 
Reference Obligation ............................................................................................................................... 631 
27. 
Calculation Agent Determination ............................................................................................................ 634 
28. 
Notices ..................................................................................................................................................... 636 
29. 
Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics ........................ 638 
30. 
No frustration .......................................................................................................................................... 639 
31. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................................... 639 
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
739 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes ........................................................................................................ 739 
2. 
Interest on Credit Linked Notes ............................................................................................................... 740 
3. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes ........................................................................................................... 744 
4. 
Credit Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information ........................................................ 747 
5. 
Event Determination Dates and Adjustment Payments ........................................................................... 748 
6. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension ........................................................................................................ 749 
7. 
Restructuring ........................................................................................................................................... 749 
8. 
Auction Redemption Terms ..................................................................................................................... 751 
9. 
Cash Redemption Terms ......................................................................................................................... 753 
10. 
Physical Redemption Terms .................................................................................................................... 753 
11. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms ........................................................................................................ 763 
12. 
Redemption upon Merger Event .............................................................................................................. 763 
13. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event .............................................................................................................. 764 
14. 
Effect of DC Resolutions ......................................................................................................................... 765 
15. 
Successor Provisions ............................................................................................................................... 766

--- Page 401 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
401 
 
16. 
Deliverable Obligations ........................................................................................................................... 769 
17. 
Substitute Reference Obligation .............................................................................................................. 770 
18. 
Calculation Agent Determination ............................................................................................................ 771 
19. 
Notices ..................................................................................................................................................... 773 
20. 
Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics ........................ 774 
21. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................................... 776 
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
826 
Part A: Introduction to the Index Skew Conditions 
826 
Annex: Worked examples in respect of Index Skew Notes 
830 
Part B: Index Skew Conditions 
836 
1. 
Principal and Interest Payouts on Index Skew Notes ............................................................................... 836 
2. 
Entry into an Index Skew Position .......................................................................................................... 837 
3. 
Initial Payment and Offsetting Settlements ............................................................................................. 838 
4. 
Applicable Event Determination Date ..................................................................................................... 838 
5. 
Cash Settlement ....................................................................................................................................... 838 
6. 
Merger of Reference Entity and Seller .................................................................................................... 838 
7. 
M(M)R Restructuring .............................................................................................................................. 838 
8. 
Successors ............................................................................................................................................... 839 
9. 
Reference Obligations ............................................................................................................................. 839 
10. 
Changes in determination ........................................................................................................................ 839 
11. 
Deemed changes to the Index Annex....................................................................................................... 839 
12. 
Optional Early Redemption ..................................................................................................................... 840 
13. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................................... 840 
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
844 
Part A 
844 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................................... 844 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................................. 845 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 845 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ................................................................................................................. 848 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................................... 848 
6. 
Additional Provisions .............................................................................................................................. 848 
Part B 
849 
1. 
Definitions ............................................................................................................................................... 849 
2. 
Valuation ................................................................................................................................................. 852 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ........................................................................................................................... 852 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ................................................................................................................. 853 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................................... 853 
6. 
Additional Provisions .............................................................................................................................. 853 
Schedule A – Citigroup Inc. TLAC eligible Notes 
857 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
859 
1. 
Underlying Valuation Provisions and Fallback Provisions for Notes other than Underlying Linked Notes
 ................................................................................................................................................................. 859 
2. 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event ........................................................ 868 
3. 
Dual Currency Notes ............................................................................................................................... 870

--- Page 402 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
402 
 
4. 
Interest Provisions ................................................................................................................................... 870 
5. 
Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts ............................................................................ 876 
6. 
Range Accrual Notes ............................................................................................................................... 916 
7. 
Digital Notes ............................................................................................................................................ 925 
8. 
Digital Band Notes .................................................................................................................................. 927 
9. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes ..................................................................................................................... 929 
10. 
Spread Notes ............................................................................................................................................ 930 
11. 
Volatility Bond Notes .............................................................................................................................. 934 
12. 
Synthetic Forward Rate Notes ................................................................................................................. 937 
13. 
Previous Coupon Linked Notes ............................................................................................................... 941 
14. 
FX Performance Notes ............................................................................................................................ 943 
15. 
Reserve Coupon Notes ............................................................................................................................ 945 
16. 
Global Interest Floor Notes ..................................................................................................................... 948 
17. 
Global Interest Cap Notes ........................................................................................................................ 949 
18. 
Restructure Interest Rate Notes ............................................................................................................... 953 
19. 
Switcher Option ....................................................................................................................................... 957 
20. 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis ........................................................................................................ 957 
21. 
Lock-in Change of Interest Basis ............................................................................................................. 958 
22. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Events ...................................................................................................... 961 
23. 
Reference Rate Event Provisions ............................................................................................................. 965 
24. 
Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments .................................................................................................... 970 
25. 
DIR Inflation Linked Redemption ........................................................................................................... 974

--- Page 403 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
403 
 
SECTION H.1 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
Except as indicated below, the following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes, which will 
include the general conditions of the Notes together with the additional terms and conditions contained 
(i) in respect of the Underlying Linked Notes (a) in the case of Inflation Rate Notes only, in Underlying 
Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions), (b) in the case of Rate Linked Notes and to the extent specified 
in the Conditions only, in Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions), (c) in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes only, in Underlying Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions), (d) in the case of Index Skew Notes 
only, in Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions), (e) in the case of Range Accrual Notes (where 
any Reference Observation relates to an FX Rate), in the case of FX Performance Notes (where the 
relevant FX Performance Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be an Underlying), in the 
case of Notes for which Lock-in Change of Interest Basis applies (and for which purpose the Lock-in 
Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier is an FX Rate), in the case of any Notes for which Mandatory 
Early Redemption is specified as applicable and the Rollerball MER Condition applies (for which 
purpose the Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier is an FX Rate), in the case of Dual 
Currency Notes, in the case of Digital Notes (where any Digital Reference Rate relates to an FX Rate) 
and in the case of Digital Band Notes (where any Reference Rate relates to an FX Rate) only, in 
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) (each of Underlying Schedules 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5, an 
"Underlying Schedule" and together, the "Underlying Schedules"), (ii) where specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below), Schedule A and (iii) in the case of all Notes, the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule (the Underlying Schedules together with Schedule A and the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the "Schedules" and each, a "Schedule") and, in relation to any 
tranche of Notes, as completed, modified and/or supplemented, as applicable, by the information set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below). 
References in these General Conditions of the Notes (the "General Conditions") and in the applicable 
Schedules to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series, which shall be "English Law 
Notes" (where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be governed by English Law, 
which Notes, for the avoidance of doubt, includes French Cleared Notes), "French Law Notes" (where 
the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be governed by French Law) or "New York Law 
Notes" (where the Notes are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be governed by the laws of the 
State of New York), and shall mean (a) in relation to any Registered Notes (as defined below) represented 
by a global Note (a "Global Registered Note Certificate"), units of each Specified Denomination in the 
Settlement Currency; (b) any Global Registered Note Certificate; (c) any definitive Registered Notes 
("Registered Note Certificates") whether or not issued in exchange for a Global Registered Note 
Certificate; (d) in relation to any Swedish Notes, units of each Specified Denomination in the Settlement 
Currency, (e) in relation to any Finnish Notes, units of each Specified Denomination in the Settlement 
Currency and (f) in relation to any French Law Notes, units of each Specified Denomination. 
Whether the Notes are Registered Notes, Swedish Notes or Finnish Notes will be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms but one type of Notes cannot be exchanged for another. 
Notes are issued in Series and each Series may comprise one or more Tranches of Notes. Each Tranche 
is the subject of a Final Terms document (the "Final Terms") or, in the case of Notes which are neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") ("Exempt Notes"), a pricing supplement (the "Pricing 
Supplement") which, in the case of the Final Terms, completes or, (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
completes, modifies and/or supplements (i) the General Conditions, (ii) the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule and, (iii) where the Notes are Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked Conditions or, where the 
Notes are Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions. Any determinations made pursuant to these 
General Conditions and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule (including, without limitation, the

--- Page 404 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
404 
 
calculation of any principal or interest) are subject to, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit 
Linked Conditions or, in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and, in the case 
of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked Conditions or, in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index 
Skew Conditions and (ii) the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below), the applicable Issue Terms shall 
prevail and in the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions, the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule and (ii) the Credit Linked Conditions or the Index Skew Conditions, as applicable, 
the Credit Linked Conditions or the Index Skew Conditions, as applicable, shall prevail. 
In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and (ii) the applicable Schedule(s), 
the applicable Schedule(s) shall prevail. 
For the purposes hereof, "Issue Terms" means either (i) where the Notes are not Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms or (ii) where the Notes are Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
and references should be construed accordingly. The terms and conditions of a Tranche of Notes (the 
"Terms and Conditions") means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the General Conditions together 
with the additional terms and conditions contained in (i) in the case of all Notes, the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule, (ii) in the case of Notes which are (a) Inflation Rate Notes only, Underlying 
Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions), (b) Rate Linked Notes (or as otherwise as specified in the 
Conditions) only, Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions), (c) Credit Linked Notes only, Underlying 
Schedule 3 (Credit Linked Conditions), (d) Index Skew Notes only, Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew 
Conditions) and (e) Range Accrual Notes (where any Reference Observation relates to an FX Rate), FX 
Performance Notes (where the relevant FX Performance Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be an Underlying), Notes for which Lock-in Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable (and 
for which purpose the Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier is an FX Rate), Notes for which 
Mandatory Early Redemption is specified as applicable and the Rollerball MER Condition applies (for 
which purpose the Rollerball Reference Observation or Roller Barrier is an FX Rate), Dual Currency 
Notes, Digital Notes (where any Digital Reference Rate relates to an FX Rate) and Digital Band Notes 
(where any Reference Rate relates to an FX Rate) only, Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions). 
The conditions of a Tranche of Notes (the "Conditions") means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
Terms and Conditions as completed or, (in the case of Exempt Notes) completed, modified and/or 
supplemented, as applicable, by the information set out in the applicable Issue Terms.  
The Notes (other than Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes, except as provided herein) are issued pursuant 
to the amended and restated Fiscal Agency Agreement dated 14 December 2023 (as further amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Fiscal Agency Agreement") between, inter alia, 
Citigroup Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. ("CGMHI") and Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. ("CGMFL") each as an issuer (an "Issuer"), Citigroup Inc. as guarantor 
in respect of Notes issued by CGMHI where it is specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (in its 
capacity as such guarantor, the "CGMHI Guarantor"), Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("CGML") 
as guarantor in respect of Notes issued by CGMFL where it is specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (in its capacity as such guarantor, the "CGMFL Guarantor" and, together with the CGMHI 
Guarantor, the "Guarantors" and each, a "Guarantor"), Citibank, N.A., London branch as issuing agent 
and fiscal agent (in such capacity, the "Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include any successor 
fiscal agent and together with any other paying agent from time to time, the "Paying Agents", which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents) and as principal paying agent, 
Citibank Europe plc (Germany Branch) as registrar (in such capacity, the "Registrar", which expression 
shall include any successor registrar) and Citibank Europe plc as a transfer agent (in such capacity, a 
"Transfer Agent", which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agent), Citibank 
Europe plc as French Cleared Notes and French Law Securities issuing and paying agent (the "French 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor French Cleared 
Notes and French Law Securities issuing and paying agent), and the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar (if

--- Page 405 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
405 
 
applicable), all Paying Agents and all Transfer Agents (if applicable), the French Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent and (if applicable) the French Law Securities Registration Agent (as defined below) are 
together referred to herein as the "Agents") and Citibank, N.A. as calculation agent if so specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (in such capacity, the "Calculation Agent", which expression shall include any 
successor calculation agent or such other entity as may be specified as the Calculation Agent in the 
applicable Issue Terms) and as exchange agent (in such capacity, the "Exchange Agent", which 
expression shall include any successor exchange agent). 
The Issuers may determine to appoint a securities registration agent in respect of French Law Notes under 
the Programme (any such appointed entity, the "French Law Securities Registration Agent", which 
expression shall include any successor French Law Securities registration agent), but shall be under no 
obligation to do so. Where no French Law Securities Registration Agent has been appointed, all 
references to the French Law Securities Registration Agent herein shall be deemed to be references to 
the relevant Issuer of the French Law Notes as the context may require. 
The only provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement applicable to the Swedish Notes and the Finnish 
Notes are those in Clauses 2.2, 16, 20, 26, 27 and 28 and Schedule 5 (Provisions for Meetings of 
Noteholders) and Clauses 21, 22 and 23 in relation to the appointment of the Calculation Agent only.  
In relation to any Series, Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL will be the Issuer thereof as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and references in the Conditions to "the Issuer" shall be to whichever of Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL is so specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Any English Law Notes (other than Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes) issued by Citigroup Inc. are issued 
with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant dated 21 January 2022 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the "Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant") executed by Citigroup Inc. in relation to 
such Notes. 
Any English Law Notes (other than Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes) issued by CGMHI are issued with 
the benefit of a Deed of Covenant dated 21 January 2022 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the "CGMHI Deed of Covenant") executed by CGMHI in relation to such Notes. 
Any English Law Notes (other than Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes) issued by CGMFL are issued 
with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant dated 21 January 2022 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the "CGMFL Deed of Covenant" and, together with the Citigroup Inc. Deed of 
Covenant and the CGMHI Deed of Covenant, the "Deeds of Covenant" and references herein to the 
"relevant Deed of Covenant" shall mean the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant where the Issuer is 
Citigroup Inc., the CGMHI Deed of Covenant where the Issuer is CGMHI and the CGMFL Deed of 
Covenant where the Issuer is CGMFL) executed by CGMFL in relation to such Notes. References herein 
to the Deed of Covenant shall be ignored in relation to New York Law Notes, Swedish Notes and Finnish 
Notes and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. Notes issued by CGMHI are, where Citigroup 
Inc. is specified as the guarantor in the applicable Issue Terms, the subject of a Deed of Guarantee (as 
amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "CGMHI Deed of Guarantee"), dated 
21 December 2015 executed by the CGMHI Guarantor. Notes issued by CGMFL are, where CGML is 
specified as the guarantor in the applicable Issue Terms, the subject of a Deed of Guarantee (as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "CGMFL Deed of Guarantee" and, together with 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the "Deeds of Guarantee"), dated 25 January 2019 executed by the 
CGMFL Guarantor. 
Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. and CGMFL are not guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor and are not the 
subject of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed 
of Guarantee shall be ignored in relation to the Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. and CGMFL and the 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 406 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
406 
 
Each purchaser and subsequent holder of New York Law Notes is deemed to acknowledge and agree 
that such New York Law Notes shall not have the benefit of any of the Deeds of Covenant, and none of 
the Deeds of Covenant shall apply in respect of such New York Law Notes (including following an Event 
of Default). 
Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI are not guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor and are not the 
subject of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee shall be ignored in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI and the 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
The holders of the Notes are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. 
Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant, the Deeds of Guarantee are available 
for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies 
of the applicable Final Terms are obtainable during normal business hours at the specified office of each 
of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system and are not publicly offered, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder during normal business hours at the specified office 
of each of the Paying Agents holding one or more of the Notes if such Noteholder produces evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical 
in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or issue prices. 
Notes which are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Swedish Notes ("Swedish Notes") will be 
issued pursuant an issuer agreement with Euroclear Sweden AB ("Euroclear Sweden") and in 
accordance with the provisions in the Swedish Act on Central Securities Depositories and Financial 
Instruments Accounts (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella 
instrument) and the rules, regulations (including but not limited to the Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the 
European Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 
2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by 
Euroclear Sweden, as amended from time to time (together the "Swedish CSD Rules"). In connection 
therewith (i) in respect of Swedish Notes issued by CGMFL, CGMFL has entered into an amended and 
restated Swedish agency agreement dated 10 December 2021 and (ii) in respect of Swedish Notes issued 
by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI, Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI will enter into a Swedish agency agreement (in 
any such case and as any such agreement is amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, a 
"Swedish Agency Agreement") with Citibank Europe Plc (Sweden Branch) as Swedish Notes issuing 
and paying agent (the "Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent", which expression shall include 
any successor Swedish Notes issuing and paying agent). Any references in the Conditions to "Fiscal 
Agency Agreement" shall be deemed to include, where the context so admits, reference to the relevant 
Swedish Agency Agreement. Copies of each Swedish Agency Agreement are or will be available for 
inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of the Swedish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent. The holders of the Swedish Notes are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of 
the Swedish Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
Notes which are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Finnish Notes ("Finnish Notes") will be 
issued and governed by a Finnish Notes issuing and paying agency agreement (as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency

--- Page 407 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
407 
 
Agreement") to be entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer and Nordea Bank Abp as Finnish Notes 
issuing and paying agent (in such capacity the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent, which 
expression shall include any successor as Finnish Notes issuing and paying agent and such successor 
shall be duly authorised under the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing (Fin. laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)). Any references in the Conditions 
to "Fiscal Agency Agreement" shall be deemed to include, where the context so admits, reference to the 
Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. Copies of the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agency Agreement will be available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified 
office of the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent. The holders of the Finnish Notes are deemed 
to have notice of all of the provisions of the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement 
applicable to them. 
The applicable Issue Terms shall specify whether the Notes are titled Italian Listed Certificates ("Italian 
Listed Certificates"). 
In the case of Notes that are titled Italian Listed Certificates, where applicable, as used in the Conditions, 
references to "redemption" and "redeem" shall be construed to be to "termination" and "terminate", 
references to "interest", "Interest Payment Date", "Interest Period" and "Interest Rate" (and related 
expressions) shall be construed to be to "premium", "Premium Payment Date", "Premium Period", 
"Premium Rate" and "Premium Underlying", and references to "maturity date" shall be construed to be 
to "final termination date", and all related expressions shall be construed accordingly. All related 
expressions herein or in the Fiscal Agency Agreement, any Global Registered Note Certificate and any 
securities in definitive form shall be construed accordingly. 
Italian Listed Certificates are intended to be admitted to trading on (i) the multilateral trading facility of 
securitised derivative financial instruments, organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the 
"SeDeX") in compliance with SeDeX Market Rules (Regolamento del Mercato SeDeX) and the related 
Instructions to the Rules of the Markets and to the MTFs managed and organized by Borsa Italiana 
(Istruzioni al Regolamento dei mercati e degli MTFs organizzati e gestiti da Borsa Italiana), as amended 
from time to time or (ii) on the multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
(the "EuroTLX") in compliance with the EuroTLX Market Rules (Regolamento del Mercato EuroTLX) 
and the related Instructions to the Rules of the Markets and to the MTFs managed and organized by 
Borsa Italiana (Istruzioni al Regolamento dei mercati e degli MTFs organizzati e gestiti da Borsa 
Italiana), as amended from time to time. Italian Listed Certificates are subject to the terms set out at 
General Condition 21 (Italian Listed Certificates) below. 
All capitalised terms which are not defined in the Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, French Cleared Notes and French Law Notes shall only 
be in the form of Notes. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
Subject as provided below, the Notes are issued in registered form ("Registered Notes") as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in the Specified Denomination(s).  
Each Registered Note Certificate represents a holding of one or more Registered Notes by the 
same holder (as defined below). 
The Notes may be Instalment Notes.

--- Page 408 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
408 
 
Subject as provided below, title to any Registered Notes shall pass upon registration of the 
transfer in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and as provided in 
General Condition 2 (Exchanges and Transfers of Notes). Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note shall be deemed to be and 
may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment thereof 
or on account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Note shall be overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by 
anyone but, in the case of any Global Registered Note Certificate, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out below. 
In the Conditions, "holder" means, in the case of Registered Notes, the person in whose name 
a Registered Note is registered PROVIDED THAT, in relation to any Notes represented by a 
Global Registered Note Certificate and in relation to Swedish Notes, Finnish Notes and French 
Law Notes, it shall be construed as provided below and "Noteholder" shall have a correlative 
meaning. 
If Certificates is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, references in the 
Conditions to "Note(s)", "Noteholder(s)" and "Global Registered Note Certificate" shall be 
deemed to refer to "Certificate(s)", "Certificateholder(s)" and "Global Registered Certificate" 
and related expressions herein or in the Fiscal Agency Agreement, any Global Registered Note 
Certificate and any notes in definitive form shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate held on 
behalf of (i) Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or (ii) Euroclear France S.A. ("Euroclear France" and, such 
Notes, "French Cleared Notes"), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Notes only, Euroclear France)) who is for the 
time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of 
French Cleared Notes only, Euroclear France) as the holder of a particular principal amount of 
such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Notes only, Euroclear France) as to 
the principal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and the Agents as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes 
for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such principal 
amount of such Notes, for which purpose the registered holder of the relevant Global Registered 
Note Certificate shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and each Agent as 
the holder of such principal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms 
of the relevant Global Registered Note Certificate and the expressions "Noteholder" and 
"holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or its nominee is the registered owner 
or holder of a Global Registered Note Certificate, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, 
will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Global Registered 
Note Certificate for all purposes under the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Notes except to 
the extent that, in accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures, any ownership rights 
may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
Interests in Notes which are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Relevant 
Clearing System and in accordance with General Condition 2 (Exchanges and Transfers of 
Notes) below.

--- Page 409 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
409 
 
"Relevant Clearing System" means, as appropriate, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
DTC, Euroclear France and/or such other relevant clearing system, as the case may be, through 
which interests in Notes are to be held and through an account at which the Notes are to be 
cleared, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the case of Swedish Notes, the following provisions of this General Condition 1 shall apply 
in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 1 in the event of any inconsistency: 
Swedish Notes are issued in dematerialised uncertificated book-entry form in accordance with 
the Swedish CSD Rules in the Specified Denomination(s). 
No global or definitive Swedish Notes will be issued and the Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. The Swedish Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the Swedish CSD 
Rules. 
The person appearing in the register for the Swedish Notes kept by Euroclear Sweden on behalf 
of the Issuer (the "Swedish Securities Register") will be treated as the "holder" of the relevant 
Swedish Notes in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules and title to the Swedish Notes passes 
only by registration in the Swedish Securities Register. In the Conditions, "holder", in relation 
to a Swedish Note, means the person in whose name such Swedish Note is registered in the 
Swedish Securities Register. Where a nominee (Sw. förvaltare) is so evidenced it shall be treated 
as the holder of the relevant Swedish Note. 
The Issuer shall have access to the register of creditors (Sw. skuldboken) in respect of the 
Swedish Notes, unless the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Issuer shall not have such 
access. 
In the case of Finnish Notes, the following provisions of this General Condition 1 shall apply 
in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 1 in the event of any inconsistency: 
Notwithstanding the above, the holder of a Finnish Note will be the person in whose name such 
Finnish Note is registered in a book-entry account in the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland 
Ltd ("Euroclear Finland") (including a nominee account holder, as the case may be) in 
accordance with Finnish Laws, rules, regulations and operating procedures applicable to, and/or 
issued by, Euroclear Finland ("Euroclear Finland Rules") and the terms Noteholder and holder 
of Notes shall be construed accordingly. Where a nominee is so evidenced it shall be treated as 
the holder of the relevant Finnish Notes. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer may issue Notes in uncertificated and dematerialised 
book entry form ("Finnish Notes"). No Global Registered Note Certificates representing 
Finnish Notes will be issued and the Conditions of such shall be construed accordingly. Finnish 
Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the provisions of the Finnish Act on the 
Book-Entry Accounts (Fin. laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended)), other applicable 
Finnish legislation and the rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear 
Finland. References in the Conditions to Global Registered Note Certificates shall not apply to 
Finnish Notes. 
In the case of French Cleared Notes, the following provisions of this General Condition 1 shall 
apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 1 in the event of any 
inconsistency: 
The French Cleared Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Euroclear France.

--- Page 410 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
410 
 
In the case of French Law Notes, the following provisions of this General Condition 1 shall 
apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 1 in the event of any 
inconsistency: 
French Law Notes are issued in dematerialised form. French Law Notes must at all times be in 
book-entry form (inscriptions en compte) in compliance with Articles L.211–3 and R.211–1 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier. French Law Notes shall constitute "obligations" within 
the meaning of Article L.213–5 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
No global or definitive French Law Notes will be issued and the Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. The French Law Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France. 
French Law Notes may be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either: (i) bearer dematerialised 
form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France which shall credit 
the accounts of an accountholder (being any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts directly or indirectly on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France) 
(the "Euroclear France Accountholder"); or (ii) in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) and, at the option of the Noteholder in either administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a Euroclear France Accountholder (and 
mirroring the inscriptions in the books maintained by the Issuer or the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, if applicable) or in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) inscribed in an account held by Euroclear France and in the books maintained 
by the Issuer (or the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, if 
applicable). 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the applicable Issue Terms and to the extent 
permitted by applicable French law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central 
securities depositary identification information of Noteholders of French Law Notes the name 
or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as 
the case may be, email address of such Noteholders. 
Title to French Law Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211–3 and R.211–1 
of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical 
document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211–7 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of French Law Notes. Title to French Law 
Notes shall pass upon, and transfer of such French Law Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear France Accountholder. 
In respect of French Law Notes, the holder will be the person whose name appears in the account 
of the Euroclear France Accountholder or of the Issuer or the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes. 
2. 
Exchanges and Transfers of Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Finnish Notes 
Finnish Notes of one Specified Denomination, as applicable, may not be exchanged for Finnish 
Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Exchange of French Law Notes

--- Page 411 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
411 
 
French Law Notes of a Series shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only (and not 
integral multiples of another amount). 
French Law Notes in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted for French Law Notes in 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif), whether in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
French Law Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be converted 
for French Law Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
French Law Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the 
Noholder, be converted into French Law Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made 
in accordance with Article R.211–4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(c) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
Subject to General Conditions 2(d) (Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Registered 
Note Certificates) and (e) (Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Registered Note 
Certificates) below, if definitive Registered Notes are issued, one or more of such Registered 
Notes may be transferred upon the surrender of the Registered Note Certificate representing 
such Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such 
Registered Note Certificate duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes 
represented by one Registered Note Certificate, a new Registered Note Certificate in respect of 
the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. In the case of a transfer of Registered 
Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Registered Note Certificate 
representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Registered Note 
Certificate representing the existing holding. 
Each Registered Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which 
will be recorded in the Register. 
Subject to General Conditions 2(d) (Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Registered 
Note Certificates) and (e) (Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Registered Note 
Certificates) below, transfers of beneficial interests in a Global Registered Note Certificate will 
be effected by the Relevant Clearing System only in accordance with the terms and conditions 
specified in the Fiscal Agency Agreement and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such Relevant Clearing Systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors 
and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Global Registered Note Certificate 
will only be exchangeable for a definitive Registered Note Certificate as described in, and 
subject to, the provision of such Global Registered Note Certificate and only in accordance with 
the rules and operating procedures for the time being of the Relevant Clearing System and in 
accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Fiscal Agency Agreement. Transfers 
of a Global Registered Note Certificate registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be 
limited to transfers of such Global Registered Note Certificate, in whole but not in part, to 
another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
(d) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificates 
Interests in a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate may not be sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of,

--- Page 412 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
412 
 
a U.S. person, other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof. Furthermore, interests in a 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate may not be held otherwise than through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate, 
and any Note issued upon exchange, transfer or replacement of such Regulation S Global 
Registered Note Certificate, shall bear a permanent legend regarding such restriction on transfer. 
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificates 
Interests in a Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate may not be sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred at any time other than (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (ii) to a 
person the seller reasonably believes to be a QIB purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own 
account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. Each Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate, and any 
Note issued upon exchange, transfer or replacement of such Rule 144A Global Registered Note 
Certificate, shall bear a permanent legend regarding such restriction on transfer. 
(f) 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
"QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A. 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
"Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate" means a Global Registered Note 
Certificate representing Notes sold in offshore transactions outside the United States in reliance 
on Regulation S. 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
"Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate" means a Global Registered Note Certificate 
representing Notes sold in the United States to QIBs. 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
"U.S. person" has the meaning given to such term under Regulation S. 
(g) 
Partial Redemption in respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of a partial redemption of a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single 
definitive Registered Note Certificate, a new definitive Registered Note Certificate shall be 
issued to the holder to reflect the balance of the holding not redeemed. New Registered Note 
Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Registered Note Certificates 
to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a partial redemption of a holding of 
Registered Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, the Global Registered 
Note Certificate shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption. 
(h) 
Delivery of new Registered Note Certificates 
Each new Registered Note Certificate to be issued pursuant to General Condition 2(c) (Transfer 
of Registered Notes) or (g) (Partial Redemption in respect of Registered Notes) will, within

--- Page 413 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
413 
 
three business days (being a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for 
business in the place of the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent to whom such 
form of transfer shall have been delivered) of receipt of such form of transfer, be available for 
delivery at the specified office of the Registrar or of the Transfer Agent (as the case may be) to 
whom such delivery shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery 
as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer, be mailed at the risk of the holder 
entitled to the new Registered Note Certificate to such address as may be specified in such form 
of transfer. 
(i) 
Transfer Free of Charge 
In the case of Notes other than Swedish Notes, transfer and registration of Notes will be effected 
without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but will be 
subject to the payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require in respect thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges which may be 
imposed in relation to it. 
(j) 
Closed Periods 
No holder of a Note may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during the 
period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note or the due date for payment 
of any Instalment Amount in respect of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any 
date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to General 
Condition 5(g) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), (iii) after any such Note has been called 
for redemption in whole or in part or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and 
including) any Record Date (as defined in General Condition 6(a)(ii) below). 
No holder of a Swedish Note may require the transfer of a Swedish Note to be registered during 
a period which is the equivalent to any such closed period pursuant to the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(k) 
Transfers of Finnish Notes 
Title to Finnish Notes shall pass by transfer from a Noteholder's book-entry account to another 
person's, whether legal or individual, book-entry account within Euroclear Finland (except 
where the Finnish Notes are nominee registered and are transferred from one account to another 
account with the same nominee). Notwithstanding any secrecy obligation, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to obtain information (including but not limited to information on Noteholders) from 
the register (the "Euroclear Finland Register") maintained by Euroclear Finland as registrar 
(the "Euroclear Finland Registrar") on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Euroclear 
Finland Rules, and Euroclear Finland shall be entitled to provide such information to the Issuer 
notwithstanding any secrecy obligation. Furthermore, the Issuer shall, subject to regulations of 
Euroclear Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland a list of 
the holders of Finnish Notes, PROVIDED THAT it is technically possible for Euroclear Finland 
to maintain such a list. The Issuer shall be entitled to pass such information to the "Finnish 
Securities Issue and Paying Agent" or to authorise such Agent to acquire such information 
from Euroclear Finland directly. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as 
required by law, the Noteholder of any Finnish Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or an interest in it, or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so 
treating the Noteholder.

--- Page 414 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
414 
 
(l) 
Transfer of Swedish Notes 
All transfers of Swedish Notes and entries in the Swedish Notes Register will be made subject 
to the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Sweden. Title 
to Swedish Notes will pass by transfer between accountholders of the Euroclear Sweden system, 
perfected in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(m) 
Transfers of French Law Notes 
Title to French Law Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only 
be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Euroclear France 
Accountholders. Title to French Law Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall 
pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer 
in the accounts of the Issuer or of the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting on behalf 
of the Issuer (as the case may be). 
3. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu and rateably among themselves and at least pari 
passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Issuer, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
(b) 
Status of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Notes: only relevant for Notes issued 
by CGMHI 
The obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect of 
the Notes issued by CGMHI constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
(c) 
Status of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Notes: only relevant for Notes issued 
by CGMFL. 
The obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect of 
the Notes issued by CGMFL constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
4. 
Interest 
The provisions relating to interest due in respect of the Notes (if any) shall be as specified in the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 415 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
415 
 
The accrual and payment of interest in respect of Credit Linked Notes will also be affected by 
the terms of Credit Linked Condition 2 (Interest or premium on Credit Linked Notes) and other 
provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions.  If in respect of Credit Linked Notes there is a 
conflict between the applicable provisions of the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
applicable provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions, the applicable provisions of the Credit 
Linked Conditions shall prevail. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, interest on Swedish Notes for which 
Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms shall be calculated from (but 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date to (and including) the Interest Payment Date. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, in respect of French Law Notes, 
any Interest Amount for which Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
shall, where applicable (to the extent permitted by law), bear interest in accordance with Article 
1343-2 of the French Code Civil accruing only after such interest has been due for a period of 
at least one year. 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase 
As stated above, all references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in 
the Conditions including but not limited to this General Condition 5 shall be ignored in relation 
to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL and all references to the CGMFL Guarantor and 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this General 
Condition 5 shall be ignored in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.  
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless otherwise provided in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and subject as provided, 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes, in the Credit Linked Conditions or, in the case of Index 
Skew Notes, in the Index Skew Conditions, or unless previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled as provided below, each principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount will be redeemed at an amount equal to 100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount or 
such amount as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Redemption Amount") on the 
Maturity Date or, in the case of a Note to which General Conditions 5(b) (Redemption by 
instalments) applies, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption by instalments 
Unless otherwise provided in the Conditions, or unless previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, if "Redemption by Instalments" applies, such Note (an "Instalment Note") shall be 
partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount. The outstanding 
principal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the relevant Instalment Amount (or, if 
such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the principal amount of 
such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless 
payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such 
amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Due Date relating to such Instalment 
Amount.

--- Page 416 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
416 
 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons and Redemption for Illegality 
(i) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons  
If "Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, in whole, but not in part, at 
any time on giving not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), at, in respect of 
each principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount if the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, 
as the case may be, has or will become obligated to pay additional interest on such 
Notes pursuant to General Condition 7 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings promulgated thereunder) of 
Luxembourg (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or the United States (where the Issuer is 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI) or the United Kingdom (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or, in 
any such case any political subdivisions or taxing authorities thereof or therein, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which any 
person (including any person acting as underwriter, broker or dealer) agrees to 
purchase the first Tranche of any of such Notes pursuant to the original issuance of 
such first Tranche, and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, taking reasonable measures 
available to it; PROVIDED THAT no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier 
than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or 
the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, would be obligated to pay such additional 
interest were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Prior to the publication of 
any notice of redemption pursuant to this General Condition 5(c)(i), the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent or the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of 
Swedish Notes or the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of 
Finnish Notes or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of French 
Cleared Notes and French Law Notes (i) a certificate signed by an officer of the Issuer, 
the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, stating that the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, is entitled 
to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as the case may be, so to redeem have occurred and (ii) a legal opinion, 
from lawyers of recognised standing in Luxembourg, the United States or the United 
Kingdom, as applicable, to the effect that the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, has or will become obligated to pay such 
additional interest as a result of such change or amendment. 
(ii) 
Redemption for Illegality 
If "Early Redemption for Illegality" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and: 
(A) 
the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Notes; 
or  
(B) 
the CGMHI Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by CGMHI), or the 
CGMFL Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by CGMFL), determines that

--- Page 417 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
417 
 
the performance of its obligations in respect of the Notes under the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee (in the case of Notes issued by CGMHI) or the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee (in the case of Notes issued by CGMFL),  
has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part for any 
reason (an "Illegality Event"), the Issuer may redeem the Notes by giving notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) at, in respect of 
each principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount; provided, however, that if "Continuance of Notes Provision" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then (I) if the Illegality 
Event (whether in and of itself or together with one or more other Illegality Events) 
renders the continuance of the Notes definitively impossible, then the Illegality Event 
shall be referred to as an "Illegality Event (Impossible Performance)"; or (II) if the 
Illegality Event (whether in and of itself or together with one or more other Illegality 
Events) does not render the continuance of the Notes definitively impossible, the 
Illegality Event shall be referred to as an "Illegality Event (Possible Performance)" 
and (in the case of Illegality Event (Possible Performance), if "Illegality Event 
(Possible Performance)" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms), 
upon the occurrence of such event, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early by giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) at, in respect 
of each principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount. 
(d) 
Early Redemption following the occurrence of an Obligor Regulatory Event 
If "Early Redemption for Obligor Regulatory Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, an Obligor Regulatory Event 
occurs, then the Issuer may redeem all or some of the Notes by giving notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) at, in respect of each principal amount of 
the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, the Early Redemption Amount.  
For the purposes of the above, "Obligor Regulatory Event" means a determination by the 
Calculation Agent that, as a result of an enactment of, or supplement or amendment to, or a 
change in, law by a relevant governmental authority or a change in policy or interpretation, 
implementation or application of any relevant laws or regulations, including any accord, 
standard, official communication or recommendation of the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision, by any relevant governmental authority or the Issuer and/or where the Issuer is 
CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor 
(and/or, in each case, their respective Affiliates), in each case, on or after the Trade Date, the 
Issuer and/or where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or where the Issuer is 
CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor (and/or, in each case, in respect of paragraphs (i) and (ii) 
below, their respective Affiliates): 
(i) 
has become subject to less favourable capital adequacy treatment with respect to the 
Notes;  
(ii) 
suffers or will suffer any increased costs in connection with the Notes, including any 
costs associated with hedging the Notes or costs in maintaining any applicable capital 
reserves in respect of the Notes; or  
(iii) 
would be materially restricted from performing any of its obligations under the Notes 
and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or, where the 
Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee.

--- Page 418 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
418 
 
(e) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries 
or Affiliates may at any time purchase Notes (in the open market or otherwise) at any price. 
Any Notes so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
(f) 
Early Redemption Amount 
(i) 
For the purpose of each of General Condition 5(c)(i) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), General Condition 5(c)(ii) (Redemption for Illegality), General Condition 
5(d) (Early Redemption following the occurrence of an Obligor Regulatory Event), 
General Condition 9 (Events of Default) General Condition 6(i) (Occurrence of an 
Underlying RMB Currency Event) and any early redemption pursuant to the provisions 
of any Schedule or the Valuation and Settlement Schedule in respect of which the Early 
Redemption Amount is specified to be payable, the "Early Redemption Amount" in 
respect of each principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will, 
subject as provided, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, in the Credit Linked Conditions 
or in the case of Index Skew Notes, in the Index Skew Conditions, be calculated as 
specified in the following definition as specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of each such early redemption event as any of:  
(A) 
"Fair Market Value";  
(B) 
"Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)";  
(C) 
"Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity" as set out in 
General Condition 5(f)(ii) below; 
(D) 
"Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for 
Fair Market Value at early redemption" as set out in General 
Condition 5(f)(iii) below;  
(E) 
"Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early redemption" as set 
out in General Condition 5(f)(ii) below; 
(F) 
"Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) at maturity" as set out in General Condition 5(f)(iii) below; 
(G) 
"Best of Amount" payable on the date specified in, or notified in accordance 
with, the Conditions or, if no such date is so specified, on a date selected by 
the Issuer; 
(H) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, the "Amortised Face Amount"; or 
(I) 
such other amount specified in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and/or 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  
in each case, minus (in respect of Credit Linked Notes only) the proportionate share of 
any Unwind Costs and the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount (as defined in the 
Credit Linked Conditions), if applicable, provided that where the applicable Issue 
Terms specify "Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption" to be not 
applicable, Noteholders will not be charged any costs or expenses by the Issuer on

--- Page 419 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
419 
 
account of the early redemption of the Notes in any of the circumstances set out in the 
initial paragraph of this General Condition 5(f)(i). 
(ii) 
If the Notes are subject to early redemption for an Early Redemption Amount to be 
calculated as the "Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early redemption" (as set forth in General 
Condition 5(f)(i)(C) above) or "Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption" (as set forth in General Condition 5(f)(i)(E) above): 
(A) 
Following the occurrence of the relevant early redemption event, the Issuer 
shall notify the Noteholders (such notice, "Issuer's Notice of Early 
Redemption") as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance 
with General Condition 13 (Notices) that each Note (in respect of its principal 
amount equal to the Calculation Amount) will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date for an amount equal to (i) in the case of "Principal Amount plus accrued 
interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption" pursuant to General Condition 5(f)(i)(C), the Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) and (ii) in the case of "Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early redemption" pursuant to General 
Condition 5(f)(i)(E), the Principal Amount plus the Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any), unless, in each case, the relevant Noteholder 
makes valid election to exercise the option for Fair Market Value plus Pro 
Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement at early redemption. The Issuer's Notice of 
Early Redemption may, but does not have to, include the Fair Market Value 
plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement of the Notes on a day selected by 
the Calculation Agent on or prior to the date of delivery of such notice, and 
shall include the cut-off date for exercise of the option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption, the date of determination of the Fair Market Value plus 
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement in respect of such election selected by 
the Calculation Agent (which may fall after the date of such notice) and the 
Early Redemption Date.  
(B) 
In order to make valid election to exercise its option referred to in (A) above 
to redeem some or all of its Notes for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer 
Cost Reimbursement at early redemption, a Noteholder must: 
(1) 
if such Note is in definitive form and held outside the Relevant 
Clearing System, deliver, at the specified office of the Registrar (in 
the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business 
hours of the Registrar falling not later than the cut-off date for such 
notice set out in the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption, a duly 
completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from any specified office of the Registrar 
(an "Early Redemption Put Notice") and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by 
cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this 
General Condition 5(f)(ii) and, in the case of Registered Notes, the 
principal amount thereof to be redeemed for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption and, if less than the full principal amount of the 
Registered Notes of such Noteholder so surrendered is to be 
redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of

--- Page 420 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
420 
 
the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of General Condition 2(i) (Transfer 
Free of Charge). If the relevant Note is in definitive form, the Early 
Redemption Put Notice must be accompanied by the Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that the Note 
will, following delivery of the Early Redemption Put Notice, be held 
to its order or under its control.  
(2) 
if the relevant Note is represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate and cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, by no later than the cut-off date for such notice set out 
in the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption, give notice to the 
Registrar of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable 
(which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for 
them, as applicable, to the Registrar by electronic means), in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, from time to time. 
(3) 
if the relevant Note is represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate and cleared through DTC, by no later than the cut-off date 
for such notice set out in the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption, 
give notice to the Registrar of such exercise in the form of an Early 
Redemption Put Notice acceptable to the Registrar and irrevocably 
instruct DTC to debit the relevant Noteholder's securities account 
with the relevant Notes on or before the Early Redemption Date in 
accordance with applicable DTC practice.  
In the case of Swedish Notes, an Early Redemption Put Notice will not take 
effect against the Issuer before the date on which the relevant Notes have been 
transferred to the account designated by the Swedish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent and blocked for further transfers by the Swedish Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent (such date will be the first date of a closed period 
for the purposes of General Condition 2(l) (Transfer of Swedish Notes)). The 
redemption procedures for Swedish Notes will be subject to the Swedish CSD 
Rules. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Notes are 
Finnish Notes, the exercise of this option will not be effective against the 
Issuer before the date on which the relevant Finnish Notes have been 
transferred to the account operated by the Finnish Securities Issue and Paying 
Agent, which for the purposes of the relevant Finnish Notes is an account 
operator specifically authorised by Euroclear Finland and appointed by the 
Issuer in relation to a specific issue or issues to process and register issues in 
the system of the relevant central securities depositary and clearing 
institution, and blocked for further transfer on the early redemption date by 
the Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent. 
The right to require redemption of any Finnish Notes in accordance with this 
General Condition 5(f)(ii) must, notwithstanding the above, be exercised in 
accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules and if there is any inconsistency

--- Page 421 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
421 
 
between the terms set out herein and the Euroclear Finland Rules, then the 
Euroclear Finland Rules shall prevail.  
(C) 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, in respect of each principal 
amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount for which: 
(1) 
a valid election to exercise the Noteholder's option to redeem such 
Notes for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement at early redemption has been made, the Early 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount equal to the Fair Market 
Value of the Notes on the date specified as such in the Issuer's Notice 
of Early Redemption plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement, 
which amount shall be payable on the Early Redemption Date 
specified as such in the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption; and  
(2) 
a valid election to exercise the Noteholder's option to redeem such 
Notes for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement at early redemption has not been made, the Early 
Redemption Amount shall be (i) in the case of "Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair Market 
Value at early redemption" pursuant to General Condition 5(f)(i)(C), 
the Principal amount plus accrued interest (if any) and (ii) in the case 
of "Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value Accrued 
Interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption" pursuant to General Condition 5(f)(i)(E), the 
Principal Amount plus the Option Value plus Option Value Accrued 
Interest (if any), which amount shall be payable on the Maturity 
Date.  
In both cases under paragraphs (1) and (2) above, no other amounts of 
principal or interest will be payable following the date the Issuer's Notice of 
Early Redemption is given. 
(iii) 
In the case of Notes subject to early redemption for which the Early Redemption 
Amount is specified as "Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity", 
"Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity", notwithstanding anything else in the General Conditions, such Early 
Redemption Amount shall be payable on the Maturity Date and no other amounts of 
principal or interest will accrue or be payable following the date on which the Issuer's 
Notice of Early Redemption is given. 
(iv) 
As used above, in respect of each principal amount of the Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount: 
"Amortised Face Amount" means: 
(A) 
where "Calculation Agent Determination of Amortised Face Amount" is 
specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent as payable on the date of Early Redemption; or 
(B) 
where "Single Rate Amortisation Yield" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 422 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
422 
 
(I) 
where "Linear Accretion" is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
(II) 
where "Linear Accretion" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms: 
RP x (1 + AY*y) 
where: 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price specified in the appliable Issue Terms; 
"AY" 
means the Amortisation Yield expressed as a decimal; 
"y" 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
which will be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to 
the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 
months of 30 days each) in the relevant Zero Coupon Calculation Period and 
the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days in the relevant Zero Coupon 
Calculation Period and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) "Actual/365" (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days in the 
relevant Zero Coupon Calculation Period and the denominator will be 365) or 
(iii) "Actual/Actual (ICMA)", in which case the Day Count Fraction will be 
determined as set out in the definition of "Zero Coupon Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)" below. 
For the purposes of this paragraph (B): 
"Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA)" means: 
(A) 
where the number of days in the Zero Coupon Calculation Period is 
equal to or shorter than the Zero Coupon Determination Period 
during which the Zero Coupon Calculation Period ends, the number 
of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Zero Coupon 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; or 
(B) 
where the Zero Coupon Calculation Period is longer than the Zero 
Coupon Determination Period during which the Zero Coupon 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(I) 
the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period 
falling in the Zero Coupon Determination Period in which 
the Zero Coupon Calculation Period begins divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Zero Coupon 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 423 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
423 
 
(II) 
the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period 
falling in the next Zero Coupon Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Zero Coupon Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year. 
"Zero Coupon Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable. 
"Zero Coupon Determination Period" means each period from (and 
including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the next Determination 
Date. 
(C) 
Where "Multiple Rate Amortisation Yield" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴= 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 𝑥𝑥 ෑ(1 + 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴)𝑦𝑦
𝑡𝑡
𝑖𝑖=1
 
For the purposes of this paragraph (C): 
"AY" means, in respect of a Calculation Period (i) (where i = 1…t), the 
Amortisation Yield (expressed as a decimal) specified for such Calculation 
Period (i) in the Amortisation Yield Table under the heading "Amortisation 
Yield"; and 
"Calculation Period (i)" means each period from (and including) the relevant 
Start Date to (but excluding) the relevant End Date of such period, each as 
specified under the heading "Calculation Period" in the Amortisation Yield 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Calculation Period (t)" means the Calculation Period (i) during which the 
Relevant Early Redemption Date occurs. 
"Relevant Early Redemption Date" means the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which the Notes become due and 
repayable. 
"RP" means the Reference Price specified in the appliable Issue Terms; 
"y" means, in respect of a Calculation Period (i), the Day Count Fraction 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) in the 
relevant Zero Coupon Calculation Period and the denominator will be 360) 
or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual 
number of days in the relevant Zero Coupon Calculation Period and the 
denominator will be 360) or (iii) "Actual/365" (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the actual number of days in the relevant Zero Coupon 
Calculation Period and the denominator will be 365) or (iii) "Actual/Actual

--- Page 424 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
424 
 
(ICMA)", in which case the Day Count Fraction will be determined as set out 
in the definition of "Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA)" below. 
"Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA) " means: 
(A) 
where the number of days in the Zero Coupon Calculation Period 
is equal to or shorter than the Zero Coupon Determination Period 
during which the Zero Coupon Calculation Period ends, the number 
of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Zero Coupon 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; or 
(B) 
where the Zero Coupon Calculation Period is longer than the Zero 
Coupon Determination Period during which the Zero Coupon 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation 
Period falling in the Zero Coupon Determination Period in 
which the Zero Coupon Calculation Period begins divided 
by the product of (x) the number of days in such Zero 
Coupon Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar 
year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation 
Period falling in the next Zero Coupon Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Zero Coupon Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year. 
"Zero Coupon Calculation Period" means 
(A) 
in respect of each Calculation Period (i) ending prior to Calculation 
Period (t), the period from (and including) the Start Date of such 
Calculation Period (i) to (but excluding) the End Date of such 
Calculation Period (i); and 
(B) 
in respect of the Calculation Period (t), the period from (and 
including) the Start Date in respect of the Calculation Period (t), to 
(but excluding) the Relevant Early Redemption Date. 
"Zero Coupon Determination Period" means each period from (and 
including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the next Determination 
Date. 
"Best of Amount" means, in respect of such Calculation Amount, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as the greater of (i) the sum 
of the principal amount of such Calculation Amount plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement and (ii) the sum of Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement.

--- Page 425 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
425 
 
"Early Redemption Date" means, in respect of each Note, a date notified by the Issuer 
to the relevant Noteholder in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) as the 
date for the payment of the Early Redemption Amount, save as provided in General 
Conditions 5(f)(i) and 5(f)(iii).  
"Fair Market Value" means, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent which represents the fair market value of such Calculation Amount 
(which shall include amounts in respect of interest) on a day selected by the Issuer or 
as otherwise required in accordance with these General Conditions (ignoring for the 
purposes of a redemption pursuant to General Condition 5(c)(ii) (Redemption for 
Illegality), the relevant unlawfulness, illegality or prohibition) less (except (i) if the 
applicable Issue Terms specify "Deduction of Hedge Costs" to be not applicable and 
(ii) in the case of any early redemption pursuant to General Condition 9 (Events of 
Default)), the proportionate cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements in respect of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, any options relating to any Underlying hedging the 
Issuer's obligations under the Notes) and, for the purposes of determining the fair 
market value of such Calculation Amount for the purposes of General Condition 9 
(Events of Default), no account shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer 
and (if applicable) the Guarantor, which shall be presumed to be able to perform fully 
their obligations in respect of the Notes. 
The "fair market value" of a Calculation Amount is an estimated value and, in 
determining such value, the Calculation Agent may have regard to: 
(i) 
the sum of two components relating to the Notes (i) a bond component and 
(ii) an embedded derivative(s) or option component. The value of the bond 
component is expected to be determined based on the present value of the 
stream of cash payments associated with a conventional bond of an amount 
equal to the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
discounted by a prevailing internal funding rate (which may be adjusted by a 
spread) for a term equal to that then outstanding of the Notes. The value of 
the embedded derivative component is expected to be determined based on 
internal pricing models which will take into account certain parameters that 
the Calculation Agent determines appropriate (including, without limitation, 
factors such as expected interest and dividend rates; and the value, price or 
level and volatility of any relevant Underlying(s) or other reference item or 
any futures or options relating to any of them); and/or 
(ii) 
the value of the Notes as determined using any such other factors as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant, including but not limited to the time 
remaining to maturity of the Notes, the interest rates at which banks lend to 
each other, the interest rate at which the Issuer (or its Affiliates) is charged to 
borrow cash, if the Notes are linked to one or more Underlying(s) or other 
reference asset(s), the value, expected future performance and/or volatility of 
such Underlying(s) or other reference asset(s) and any other information the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant (including, but not limited to the 
circumstances that resulted in the events causing such redemption). 
Such values, along (save where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Deduction of 
Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs" as not applicable) with deductions for 
any fees, costs or commissions in connection with the issue of the Notes and the cost 
of entering into any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements in

--- Page 426 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
426 
 
respect of the Notes are expected to have been relevant pricing factors taken into 
account at or around the trade date to enable the Issuer to determine the terms on which 
it can issue the Notes on the Issue Date and are therefore relevant factors in determining 
any Early Redemption Amount; 
"Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement" means an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the sum of (i) Fair Market Value and (ii) Pro 
Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement. 
"Option" means, in respect of such Calculation Amount, the option component or 
embedded derivative(s) in respect of the principal amount of the Notes equal to such 
Calculation Amount which provides exposure to the Underlying(s) (if any), the terms 
of which are fixed on the trade date (as determined by the Calculation Agent) in order 
to enable the Issuer to issue such Note at the relevant price and on the relevant terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the bond component in respect of the principal amount of 
the Notes is excluded from the Option; 
"Option Value" means, in respect of such Calculation Amount, the value (if any) of 
the Option in respect thereof, subject to a minimum of zero, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day and time as selected by the Calculation Agent at or 
around the time notice of early redemption is given by reference to such factors as the 
Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate including, without limitation: 
(i) 
market prices or values of any relevant Underlying(s) and other relevant 
economic variables (such as: interest rates; dividend rates; financing costs; 
the value, price or level of any relevant Underlying(s) or other reference 
asset(s) and any futures or options relating to any of them; the volatility of 
any relevant Underlying(s) or other reference asset(s); and exchange rates (if 
applicable)); 
(ii) 
the time remaining to maturity of the Notes had they remained outstanding to 
scheduled maturity; 
(iii) 
internal pricing models; and 
(iv) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Option. 
"Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)" means, in respect of such 
Calculation Amount, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as its principal 
amount plus accrued interest (if any); 
"Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity" means, in respect of 
such Calculation Amount, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as its 
principal amount plus accrued interest (if any), where such accrued interest is 
determined as the product of the principal amount, an overnight interest rate or an 
achievable market rate of interest for the Settlement Currency and the relevant day and 
a day count fraction customary for calculation of overnight interest in respect of the 
Settlement Currency, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially 
reasonable manner and acting in good faith.  
"Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) 
at maturity" means, in respect of such Calculation Amount, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula 
Principal Amount + (Option Value + Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement) x (1+r)n

--- Page 427 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
427 
 
Where: 
"n" means the remaining term of the relevant Notes expressed in years, calculated from 
the date of the determination that the Notes will be early redeemed pursuant to and in 
accordance with the Conditions following the relevant early redemption event to the 
scheduled Maturity Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Principal Amount" means, in respect of such Calculation Amount, the principal 
amount of such Calculation Amount; and 
"r" means the annualised interest rate that the Issuer offers on the date of determination 
that the Notes will be early redeemed pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Conditions following the relevant early redemption event(s) for a debt security with a 
maturity equivalent to the scheduled Maturity Date of the relevant Notes, taking into 
account the credit risk of the Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement" means, in respect of such Calculation 
Amount, an amount equal to the product of the total costs of the Issuer (for example, 
and without limitation, structuring costs) paid by the original holder of the Note(s) of 
such Calculation Amount as part of the original issue price of the Note(s) and the 
Relevant Proportion, as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement" to 
be applicable, the Early Redemption Amount shall be the sum of the amount specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms plus the Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement. 
"Relevant Proportion" means a number equal to (i) the number of calendar days from, 
and excluding, the date of determination that the relevant Note(s) will be early 
redeemed pursuant to and in accordance with the Conditions following the relevant 
early redemption event(s) to, and including, the scheduled Maturity Date of the 
relevant Note(s), divided by (ii) the number of calendar days from, and excluding, the 
Issue Date of the relevant Note(s) to, and including, the scheduled Maturity Date of 
the relevant Note(s). 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer  
If, in respect of Notes other than Swedish Notes or French Law Notes, Issuer Call is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may, having given the number of days' 
notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified: 
(i) 
not less than, five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than five days' notice to the Registrar, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and, in respect 
of each principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule or specified in the applicable Issue Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a principal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 428 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
428 
 
In the case of a redemption of some only of the Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed 
Notes") will be selected, subject to mandatory provisions of Luxembourg law, individually by 
lot not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of the Relevant Clearing 
System (in the case of Notes cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
a Global Registered Note Certificate. In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices) not less than five days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
If, in respect of Swedish Notes, Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than five days' notice to the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and 
Euroclear Sweden, respectively, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption and shall 
specify the Notes or the amount of the Notes as well as the closed period), redeem all of the 
Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and, in respect of each principal 
amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount at the Optional Redemption Amount 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Issue Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must be of a principal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. The redemption procedures for Swedish Notes will be subject to 
the Swedish CSD Rules. 
If, in respect of French Law Notes, Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than five days' notice to the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent who 
will give this notice to Euroclear France, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date in respect of each 
Note (in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) 
at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified 
in, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule or the relevant Underlying Schedules applicable to 
the relevant Underlying(s) or specified in the applicable Issue Terms together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a principal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of French Law Notes, the redemption 
will be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such French Law Notes in a Series in 
proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed by application of a pool factor and, in 
accordance with the provisions of the applicable Issue Terms, subject to compliance with any

--- Page 429 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
429 
 
other applicable laws and any applicable stock exchange requirements. So long as the French 
Law Notes are listed and admitted on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange or 
applicable French law and/or regulations so require, the Issuer shall cause to be published a 
notice specifying the aggregate principal amount of French Law Notes outstanding. 
The right to require redemption of such French Law Notes and French Cleared Notes must be 
exercised in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and if there is any 
inconsistency between the above and the rules and procedures of Euroclear France, then the 
rules and procedures of Euroclear France shall prevail. 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of holders of Notes 
If Investor Put is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) the number of days' 
notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, not less than 45 days' 
notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date and at, in respect of each principal amount of the Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and in the applicable Issue Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of a Note the holder of such Note must, if such Note 
is in definitive form and held outside the Relevant Clearing System, deliver, at the specified 
office of the Registrar at any time during normal business hours of the Registrar falling within 
the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the 
holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this General 
Condition 5(h) and the principal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
principal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which 
a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject 
to and in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 2(i) (Transfer Free of Charge). 
If the relevant Note is in definitive form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by the Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that the Note will, following delivery of 
the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If the relevant Note is represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate and cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of such Note the holder 
of such Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Registrar of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as 
the case may be, for them, as applicable, to the Registrar by electronic means), in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to time. 
If the relevant Note is represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate and cleared through 
DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption of such Note, the holder of such Note must, 
within the notice period, give notice to the Registrar of such exercise in the form of a Put Notice 
acceptable to the Registrar and irrevocably instruct DTC to debit the relevant Noteholder's 
securities account with the relevant Notes on or before the Optional Redemption Date in 
accordance with applicable DTC practice.

--- Page 430 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
430 
 
In the case of Swedish Notes, a Put Notice will not take effect against the Issuer before the date 
on which the relevant Notes have been transferred to the account designated by the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and blocked for further transfers by the Swedish Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent (such date will be the first date of a closed period for the purposes of 
General Condition 2(l) (Transfer of Swedish Notes)). The redemption procedures for Swedish 
Notes will be subject to the Swedish CSD Rules. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Notes are Finnish Notes, the 
exercise of this option will not be effective against the Issuer before the date on which the 
relevant Finnish Notes have been transferred to the account operated by the Finnish Securities 
Issue and Paying Agent, which for the purposes of the relevant Finnish Notes is an account 
operator specifically authorised by Euroclear Finland and appointed by the Issuer in relation to 
a specific issue or issues to process and register issues in the system of the relevant central 
securities depositary and clearing institution, and blocked for further transfer on the Optional 
Redemption Date by the Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent. 
The right to require redemption of any Finnish Notes in accordance with this General Condition 
5(h) must, notwithstanding the above, be exercised in accordance with the Euroclear Finland 
Rules and if there is any inconsistency between the terms set out herein and the Euroclear 
Finland Rules, then the Euroclear Finland Rules shall prevail. 
In the case of French Law Notes, to exercise this option the Noteholder must transfer, or cause 
to be transferred, such French Law Note to the account of the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent (in the case of French Law Notes in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif)) or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of French Law Notes 
in bearer form) and, in all cases, deposit with any French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent 
at its specified office during usual business hours a duly completed Put Notice within the 
relevant exercise period. No Note so transferred and option exercised may be withdrawn (except 
as provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. No such 
option may be exercised if the Issuer has given notice of redemption of the French Law Notes. 
The right to require redemption of such French Law Notes and French Cleared Notes must be 
exercised in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and if there is any 
inconsistency between the above and the rules and procedures of Euroclear France, then the 
rules and procedures of Euroclear France shall prevail. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor may be surrendered for cancellation, if the Notes are Registered Notes, by 
surrendering the Note representing such Notes to the Registrar and if so surrendered, will, 
together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith. Any Notes surrendered 
for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
French Cleared Notes and French Law Notes shall only be cancelled by being transferred to an 
account in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France. 
6. 
Payments 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions 
including but not limited to this General Condition 6 shall be ignored in relation to Notes issued 
by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the CGMFL Deed

--- Page 431 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
431 
 
of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this General Condition 6 shall be 
ignored in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
(a) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this General Condition 6(a)(i) shall 
include final Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of 
Registered Notes (whether or not in global form) will be made, where applicable, 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Note at the specified office of any of 
the Paying Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) 
below. 
(ii) 
Payments of interest (which for the purposes of this General Condition 6(a)(ii) shall 
include all Instalment Amounts other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered 
Notes will be paid to the person shown on the register (A) where such Notes are in 
global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose, a day on which 
the Relevant Clearing System is open for business) before the due date for payment 
thereof, and (B) where such Notes are in definitive form, at the close of business on 
the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the "Record Date"). Such 
payments will be made by credit or transfer to an account in the relevant currency 
designated by the holder with a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of 
that currency or, if the currency is Euro, into a Euro account (or any other account to 
which Euro may be credited or transferred) notified to the Registrar by such holder. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Global Registered Note 
Certificate in respect of Notes denominated in a Settlement Currency other than U.S. dollars 
shall be paid by transfer by the Fiscal Agent to an account in the Settlement Currency of the 
Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. 
dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement unless a holder has 
elected to receive payment in the relevant Settlement Currency in accordance with applicable 
DTC practice. 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Law, etc.  
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of General Condition 7 (Taxation). No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Notes in respect of such payments. 
The holder of a Global Registered Note Certificate shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Notes represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate and the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Registered Note 
Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of the 
Relevant Clearing System as the beneficial holder of a particular principal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate must look solely to the Relevant 
Clearing System for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global 
Registered Note Certificate. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Swedish Notes 
General Condition 6(a) (Registered Notes) shall not apply to Swedish Notes. Payments in 
respect of Swedish Notes will be made on the due date for payments to the persons registered

--- Page 432 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
432 
 
as holders in the Swedish Notes Register on the fifth (5th) Stockholm Banking Day (or such 
other date in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules), prior to the due date for such payment. 
In the Conditions, "Stockholm Banking Day" means a day on which Euroclear Sweden is open 
for business (including the making of payments) in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Finnish Notes 
General Condition 6(a) (Registered Notes) shall not apply to Finnish Notes. Payments in respect 
of Finnish Notes will be made on the due date for payment to the persons registered as holders 
recorded in the Euroclear Finland Register on the first (1st) T2 Business Day (or such other date 
in accordance with the rules and procedures applied by Euroclear Finland from time to time), 
prior to the due date for such payment. 
In respect of each Series of Finnish Notes, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a registrar which 
shall be the duly authorised Finnish central securities depository under the Finnish Act on the 
Book-Entry System and Clearing (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 
(348/2017, as amended)) and a Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent duly authorised as an 
account operator (Fin. tilinhoitaja) under the Finnish Act on Book-Entry System and Clearing 
(Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2012, as amended)). 
A Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent will be appointed by the Issuer and identified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
In relation to Finnish Notes, Euroclear Finland will act as the central securities depositary and 
clearing institution and the Issuer will appoint a Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent for 
Finnish purposes as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the relevant central securities 
depositary and clearing institution or the Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent, 
PROVIDED THAT the Issuer will appoint another central securities depositary and clearing 
institution or Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent, each of them to be duly authorised 
under the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing (Fin. laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2012, as amended)). Each of Euroclear Finland 
and the Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship or agency or trust with, the Noteholders. 
(e) 
Payments in respect of French Law Notes 
General Condition 6(a) (Registered Notes) shall not apply to French Law Notes. Payments of 
principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of interest, where 
applicable) in respect of French Law Notes shall (in the case of French Law Notes in bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur) or administered registered form (au nominatif administré)) be 
made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Euroclear 
France Accountholders for the benefit of the Noteholders and (in the case of French Law Notes 
in fully registered form (au nominatif pur)) to an account denominated in the relevant currency 
with a bank designated by the Noteholders and notified to the Issuer. All payments validly made 
to such Euroclear France Accountholders or bank will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in 
respect of such payments. 
A French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and (if applicable) a French Law Securities 
Registration Agent will be appointed by the Issuer and identified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 433 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
433 
 
In relation to French Law Notes, Euroclear France will act as the central securities depositary 
and clearing institution and the Issuer will appoint a French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent 
for French purposes as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the relevant central securities 
depositary and clearing institution or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent or (if 
applicable) the French Law Securities Registration Agent. Each of Euroclear France, the French 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and (if applicable) a French Law Securities Registration 
Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation to, or relationship 
or agency or trust with, the Noteholders. 
In respect of any domestic issue of French Law Notes settled from a French Securities Issuing 
and Paying Agent account situated in France, payments relating to such French Law Notes shall 
be made in Euro in accordance with Article 1343-3 of the French Code Civil. In respect of any 
non-domestic or international issues (emprunt émis à l'étranger) of French Law Notes settled 
from a French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent account situated outside of France, payments 
may be made in another currency. In such case, the method for translating into Euro any 
amount(s) denominated in a currency other than Euro payable under such French Law Notes 
shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(f) 
Appointment of Agents 
As applicable, the Fiscal Agent, each Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, each 
Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the 
case of Swedish Notes or the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Finnish 
Notes or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of French Cleared Notes 
and French Law Notes and (if applicable) the French Law Securities Registration Agent in the 
case of French Law Notes initially appointed by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Guarantor, and their respective specified offices, are each listed below or in the 
applicable Issue Terms. The Fiscal Agent, each Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Exchange 
Agent, each Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent, the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Swedish Notes or the Finnish Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Finnish Notes or the French Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent in the case of French Cleared Notes and French Law Notes and (if applicable) the 
French Law Securities Registration Agent in the case of French Law Notes act solely as agents 
or, as the case may be, registrars of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
holder. The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor reserve the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, any Transfer 
Agent, the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Swedish Notes or the 
Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Finnish Notes or the French 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of French Cleared Notes and French Law Notes 
and (if applicable and provided that only the Issuer may vary or terminate such appointment) 
the French Law Securities Registration Agent in the case of French Law Notes and to appoint 
additional or other agents (any of which may be the Issuer, an Affiliate of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or an Affiliate of the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or an Affiliate of 
the CGMFL Guarantor) PROVIDED THAT the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor will at all times maintain: 
(i) 
a Fiscal Agent; 
(ii) 
at any time at which any Registered Note is outstanding, a Registrar;

--- Page 434 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
434 
 
(iii) 
at any time at which any Registered Note cleared through DTC is outstanding, an 
Exchange Agent in relation thereto; 
(iv) 
at any time at which any Registered Note is outstanding, a Transfer Agent in relation 
thereto; 
(v) 
a Calculation Agent and a Determination Agent where the Conditions so require one; 
(vi) 
a Paying Agent having a specified office in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; 
(vii) 
at any time while any Swedish Note is outstanding, a Swedish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent authorised to act as an issuing agent (Sw. emissionsinstitut) with 
Euroclear Sweden; 
(viii) 
at any time while any Finnish Note is outstanding, a Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent authorised to act both as an account operator (Fi. tilinhoitaja) and issuer 
agent (Fi. liikkeeseenlaskijan asiamies) with Euroclear Finland; 
(ix) 
at any time while any French Cleared Notes or French Law Note is outstanding, a 
French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent authorised to act as issuing and paying 
agent with Euroclear France and (if applicable) a French Law Securities Registration 
Agent for French Law Notes in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif); and 
(x) 
such other agents as may be required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Notes may be listed. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, any Transfer Agent or the Registrar will promptly be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). 
(g) 
Payment Days 
If, in respect of Notes other than Swedish Notes, any date for payment in respect of any Note is 
not a Payment Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, 
"Payment Day" means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(B) 
such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Business Day Jurisdictions" in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, if "Business Day Jurisdiction" is specified to be 
or include "T2" or "T2 Business Day", a Payment Day shall also be a T2 
Business Day; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Settlement Currency other than Euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency

--- Page 435 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
435 
 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Settlement 
Currency (which if the Settlement Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum 
payable in Euro, a T2 Business Day; and 
(iii) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Global Registered Note Certificate 
denominated in a Settlement Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the 
name of DTC or its nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with 
interests in such Global Registered Note Certificate) has elected to receive any part of 
such payment in U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial banks are not authorised or 
required by law or regulation to be closed in New York City. 
If, in respect of Swedish Notes, any date for payment is not a Payment Day, the holder shall not 
be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day nor to any interest or other sum in 
respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, Payment Day means a day which is a 
Stockholm Banking Day and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro) a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of such relevant currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in Euro) a day which is a T2 Business Day. 
If, in respect of Finnish Notes, any date for payment in respect of any Finnish Notes is not a 
Payment Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day 
nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, 
Payment Day means a day which is a Helsinki Banking Day and a T2 Business Day (if 
applicable). 
In the Conditions, "Helsinki Banking Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are generally open for business, including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits in Helsinki and on which Euroclear Finland and the 
relevant system in which the Finnish Notes are registered are open for business in accordance 
with the Euroclear Finland Rules 
(h) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in the Conditions is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a business day convention (a "Business Day Convention") 
and (x) such day would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day or (y) there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar months in which such date should occur, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Issue Terms is (i) the Floating Rate 
Convention, (1) in the case of (x) above such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have 
fallen had it not been subject to adjustment or (2) in the case of (y) above, shall be the last day 
that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) above shall apply mutatis 
mutandis, (ii) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately

--- Page 436 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
436 
 
preceding Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
If "No Adjustment" or "not adjusted" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of a 
date, then if that date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, no adjustment will be made to 
that date. 
(i) 
Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event 
If, in respect of a Series of Notes (other than Index Skew Notes), "Underlying RMB Currency 
Event" applies and an Underlying RMB Currency Event occurs, then the Calculation Agent may 
direct the Issuer to: 
(i) 
postpone the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in RMB under the terms of the 
Notes to the 10th Business Day following the date on which the Underlying RMB 
Currency Event, as determined by the Issuer, ceases to exist (such date of payment by 
the Issuer, the "RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date"); or 
(ii) 
pay any amount that is due to be paid in RMB under the terms of the Notes in the RMB 
Relevant Currency instead converted using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB 
Determination Date. 
Alternatively, the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on a day selected by 
the Issuer, each Note being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to its Early Redemption 
Amount and the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable in 
accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). 
For the purposes of the above: 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special 
Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan. 
"Renminbi" and "RMB" and "CNY" means the currency of the PRC. 
"Relevant Authority" means: 
(i) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof); 
(ii) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority, inter-governmental 
or supranational body; 
(iii) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the jurisdiction where the 
RMB Relevant Currency is the lawful currency; or 
(iv) 
any other authority which is analogous to the entities specified in paragraph (i), (ii) or 
(iii) of this definition. 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency in respect of payments, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 437 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
437 
 
"RMB Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) and settle payments in the relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s), London and the principal financial centre of the country of the RMB 
Relevant Currency. 
"RMB Determination Date" means the day which is two RMB Determination Business Days 
before the date of the relevant payment under the Notes. 
"RMB Relevant Currency" means U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"RMB Relevant Currency Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page" means the screen page specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or any successor screen page or information provider thereto as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"RMB Settlement Centre" means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be 
Hong Kong.  
"RMB Spot Rate" means the spot CNY/Relevant Currency exchange rate for the purchase of 
the RMB Relevant Currency with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market 
in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) for settlement in two RMB Determination Business 
Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around the RMB Relevant Currency 
Valuation Time on the RMB Determination Date by reference to the RMB Relevant Spot Rate 
Screen Page. If such rate is not available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking 
into consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, 
including pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in 
the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or elsewhere and the CNY/Relevant Currency exchange 
rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange market. All notifications, opinions, determinations, 
certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of this definition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor 
the Paying Agents and all Noteholders. 
"Underlying RMB Currency Event" means the occurrence of any of (i) Underlying RMB 
Illiquidity; (ii) Underlying RMB Inconvertibility and (iii) Underlying RMB Non-
Transferability.  
"Underlying RMB Illiquidity" means, subject as provided in the case of Credit Linked Notes 
in the Credit Linked Conditions, the occurrence of any event or circumstance whereby (i) the 
general Renminbi exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid (including, without 
limitation, the existence of any significant price distortion) as a result of which the Issuer cannot 
obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under the Notes (or if applicable, 
any party to a Hedging Position (as defined in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule) cannot 
obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under such Hedging Positions); 
or (ii) it becomes impossible or impractical for the Issuer (or if applicable, any party to a 
Hedging Position) to obtain a firm quote of the exchange rate, in each case, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 438 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
438 
 
"Underlying RMB Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event or existence of any 
condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or has the effect 
prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, the Issuer (or, if applicable, any 
party to a Hedging Position) to convert any amount as may be required to be paid by the relevant 
party on any payment date in respect of the Notes or (if applicable) any Hedging Position) into 
RMB, other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the 
failure of the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Relevant Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted 
after the Issue Date of the relevant Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the 
relevant party and/or any of their affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant 
party and/or their affiliates, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Underlying RMB Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it 
impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer (or if applicable, any party to a Hedging 
Position) and/or any of their affiliates to deliver RMB between accounts inside the relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) or from an account inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to 
an account outside such RMB Settlement Centre(s) (including where the RMB clearing and 
settlement system for participating banks in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted 
or suspended) or from an account outside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account 
inside such RMB Settlement Centre(s), other than where such impossibility, impracticability or 
illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Relevant Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the relevant Series and it is impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates, due to an event 
beyond the control of the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates, as applicable), to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation).  
7. 
Taxation 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions 
including but not limited to this General Condition shall be ignored in relation to Notes issued 
by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. As stated above, all references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this General 
Condition 7 shall be ignored in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.  
(a) 
The provisions of this paragraph (a) apply only where Citigroup Inc. is the Issuer 
The Issuer will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay as additional 
interest to the holder of any Note or entitled person under the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant 
such amounts as may be necessary so that every net payment on such Note or the Citigroup Inc. 
Deed of Covenant, after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such payment by the 
United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein) will not be less 
than the amount provided in such Note or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant to be then due 
and payable. However, the Issuer will not be required to make any such payment of additional 
interest for or on account of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for (A) the existence of any present or former connection between such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person (or between a fiduciary, settlor or beneficiary of, 
or a person holding a power over, such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, 
if such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person is an estate or a trust, or a member 
or shareholder of such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, if such holder or

--- Page 439 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
439 
 
beneficial owner or entitled person is a partnership or corporation) and the United 
States, including, without limitation, such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person 
(or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, person holding a power, member or 
shareholder) being or having been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having been 
engaged in trade or business or present therein or having or having had a permanent 
establishment therein or (B) such holder's or beneficial owner's or entitled person's past 
or present status as a personal holding company or private foundation or other tax-
exempt organisation with respect to the United States or as a corporation that 
accumulates earnings to avoid United States federal income tax; 
(ii) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or personal property tax or any similar tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge; 
(iii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for the presentation for payment or demand for payment, as the case may be, by 
the holder or beneficial owner or entitled person of a Note or under the Citigroup Inc. 
Deed of Covenant more than 15 days after the date on which such payment became 
due and payable or on which payment thereof was duly provided for, whichever occurs 
later (the "Relevant Date"); 
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by 
deduction or withholding from a payment on a Note or under the Citigroup Inc. Deed 
of Covenant; 
(v) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be deducted or withheld 
by any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, from a payment on a Note 
or under the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant if such payment can be made without 
such deduction or withholding by any other Paying Agent or the Registrar (if 
applicable); 
(vi) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for a failure to comply with applicable certification, documentation, information 
or other reporting requirement concerning the nationality, residence, identity or 
connection with the United States of the holder or beneficial owner of or entitled 
person under a Note or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant if, without regard to any 
tax treaty, such compliance is required by statute or regulation of the United States as 
a precondition to relief or exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental 
charge; 
(vii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on a holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person that actually or constructively owns 10 per cent. or more of 
the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Issuer as described in Section 
871(h)(3)(B) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), that is a bank receiving interest described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the 
Code, that receives contingent interest described in Section 871(h)(4) of the Code or 
that is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Issuer through stock ownership 
as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code; 
(viii) 
a payment on a Note or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant to a holder or entitled 
person that is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of such 
payment to the extent a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a 
member of such partnership or a beneficial owner would not have been entitled to the

--- Page 440 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
440 
 
additional interest had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the 
holder or entitled person of or under such Note or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant; 
(ix) 
taxes imposed under Sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or any 
agreement entered into pursuant to such legislation or legislation enacted to comply 
with such an agreement; or 
(x) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed on any Note that the Issuer 
indicates in the applicable Issue Terms it will not treat as debt for United States federal 
income tax purposes. 
(b) 
The provisions of this paragraph (b) apply only where CGMHI is the Issuer 
The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth 
below, pay as additional interest to the holder of any Note or entitled person under the CGMHI 
Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee such amounts as may be necessary so that 
every net payment on such Note, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee, after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such payment by the 
United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein) will not be less 
than the amount provided in such Note, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee to be then due and payable. However, the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor will not 
be required to make any such payment of additional interest for or on account of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for (A) the existence of any present or former connection between such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person (or between a fiduciary, settlor or beneficiary of, 
or a person holding a power over, such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, 
if such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person is an estate or a trust, or a member 
or shareholder of such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, if such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person is a partnership or corporation) and the United 
States, including, without limitation, such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person 
(or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, person holding a power, member or 
shareholder) being or having been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having been 
engaged in trade or business or present therein or having or having had a permanent 
establishment therein or (B) such holder's or beneficial owner's or entitled person's past 
or present status as a personal holding company or private foundation or other tax-
exempt organisation with respect to the United States or as a corporation that 
accumulates earnings to avoid United States federal income tax; 
(ii) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or personal property tax or any similar tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge; 
(iii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for the presentation for payment or demand for payment, as the case may be, by 
the holder or beneficial owner or entitled person of a Note, under the CGMHI Deed of 
Covenant or under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee more than 15 days after the date on 
which such payment became due and payable or on which payment thereof was duly 
provided for, whichever occurs later (the "Relevant Date");

--- Page 441 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
441 
 
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by 
deduction or withholding from a payment on a Note, under the CGMHI Deed of 
Covenant or under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee; 
(v) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be deducted or withheld 
by any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, from a payment on a Note 
or under the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee if 
such payment can be made without such deduction or withholding by any other Paying 
Agent or the Registrar (if applicable); 
(vi) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for a failure to comply with applicable certification, documentation, information 
or other reporting requirement concerning the nationality, residence, identity or 
connection with the United States of the holder or beneficial owner of or entitled 
person under a Note, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee 
if, without regard to any tax treaty, such compliance is required by statute or regulation 
of the United States as a precondition to relief or exemption from such tax, assessment 
or other governmental charge; 
(vii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on a holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person that actually or constructively owns 10 per cent. or more of 
the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Issuer as described in Section 
871(h)(3)(B) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code"), that is a bank receiving interest described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the 
Code, that receives contingent interest described in Section 871(h)(4) of the Code or 
that is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Issuer through stock ownership 
as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code; 
(viii) 
a payment on a Note, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee 
to a holder or entitled person that is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole 
beneficial owner of such payment to the extent a beneficiary or settlor with respect to 
such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner would not have 
been entitled to the additional interest had such beneficiary, settlor, member or 
beneficial owner been the holder or entitled person of or under such Note, the CGMHI 
Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee; 
(ix) 
taxes imposed under Sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or any 
agreement entered into pursuant to such legislation or legislation enacted to comply 
with such an agreement; or 
(x) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed on any Note that the Issuer 
indicates in the applicable Issue Terms it will not treat as debt for United States federal 
income tax purposes.  
(c) 
The provisions of this paragraph (c) apply only where CGMFL is the Issuer 
The Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth 
below, pay as additional interest to the holder of any Note or entitled person under the CGMFL 
Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee such amounts as may be necessary so that 
every net payment on such Note, the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee, after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such payment by

--- Page 442 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
442 
 
Luxembourg (in the case of payments by CGMFL) or the United Kingdom (in the case of 
payments by the CGMFL Guarantor) or, in either case, any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein, will not be less than the amount provided in such Note, the CGMFL 
Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee to be then due and payable. However, 
neither the Issuer nor the CGMFL Guarantor will be required to make any such payment of 
additional interest for or on account of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed 
but for the existence of any present or future connection between such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person and Luxembourg, (in the case of payments by 
CGMFL) or the United Kingdom (in the case of payments by the CGMFL Guarantor) 
other than the mere holding of the Note or being entitled under the CGMFL Deed of 
Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee; or 
(ii) 
any tax imposed by Luxembourg under the law of 23 December 2005, as amended; or 
(iii) 
any Note, the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee presented 
for payment in Luxembourg; or 
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge to which such holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person would not be liable or subject by making a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority; or 
(v) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for 
the presentation for payment or demand for payment, as the case may be, by the holder 
or beneficial owner or entitled person of a Note or under the CGMFL Deed of 
Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee more than 15 days after the date on which 
such payment became due and payable or on which payment thereof was duly provided 
for, whichever occurs later (the "Relevant Date"); or 
(vi) 
taxes imposed under Sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, any agreement 
entered into pursuant to such legislation, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(d) 
The provisions of this paragraph (d) apply to all Notes, regardless of the Issuer 
References in the Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Notes, any Redemption Amount, any Instalment Amount, any Early Redemption 
Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and all other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to General Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase), in the case of Credit 
Linked Notes, the Credit Linked Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew 
Conditions and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the provisions of the applicable Issue 
Terms, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include any Interest Amount and all other amounts in 
the nature of interest payable pursuant to General Condition 4 (Interest), in the case of Credit 
Linked Notes, the Credit Linked Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew 
Conditions and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the provisions of the applicable Issue 
Terms and (iii) in any context, the payment of the principal of (or premium, if any) or interest 
on any Note, such mention shall be deemed to include mention of the payment of additional 
interest provided for in this General Condition 7 to the extent that, in such context, additional 
interest is, was or would be payable in respect thereof pursuant to the provisions of this General 
Condition 7 and express mention of the payment of additional interest (if applicable) in any 
provisions hereof shall not be construed as excluding additional interest in those provisions

--- Page 443 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
443 
 
hereof where such express mention is not made. Where, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the 
Credit Linked Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions, the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms do not provide for the 
payment of interest, references to interest in the Conditions and/or the Credit Linked Conditions 
or the Index Skew Conditions, as applicable, shall be disregarded and the Conditions and/or the 
Credit Linked Conditions or the Index Skew Conditions, as applicable, construed accordingly. 
8. 
Prescription 
(i) 
English Law Notes 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes (other than New York 
Law Notes, Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes) shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of 
interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in General Condition 7 
(Taxation) in respect thereof. 
(ii) 
Swedish Notes 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of Swedish Notes shall be prescribed 
and become void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years 
(in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date. For the purposes of this 
General Condition 8, "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first 
becomes due, or such later date on which an interruption of the period of limitation 
(Sw. preskriptionsavbrott) is made in accordance with the Swedish Limitations Act 
1981 (Sw. preskriptionslagen (1991:130)). 
(iii) 
Finnish Notes 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of Finnish Notes and any principal 
and interest shall be prescribed unless made within three years after the date on which 
such payment becomes due and payable therefor and thereafter any principal or interest 
payable in respect of such Finnish Notes shall be forfeited and revert to the Issuer. 
(iv) 
New York Law Notes 
Under New York's statute of limitations, any legal action to enforce the Issuer's 
payment obligations evidenced by New York Law Notes must be commenced within 
six years after payment is due. Thereafter the Issuer's payment obligations will 
generally become unenforceable. 
9. 
Events of Default 
As stated above, all references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in 
the Conditions including but not limited to this General Condition 9 shall be ignored in relation 
to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL and all references to the CGMFL Guarantor and 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this General 
Condition 9 shall be ignored in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
(a) 
"Event of Default" wherever used herein with respect to the Notes means any one of the 
following events:

--- Page 444 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
444 
 
(i) 
default in the payment of any interest upon any Note when it becomes due and payable, 
and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days; or 
(ii) 
default in the payment of the principal of any Note at its due date or default in the 
delivery of any Physical Redemption Assets in respect of any Credit Linked Note and, 
in each case, continuance of any such default for a period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant of the Issuer or the CGMFL 
Guarantor in the Conditions or the Fiscal Agency Agreement (other than a covenant a 
default in whose performance or whose breach is elsewhere in this General Condition 9 
specifically dealt with) or the CGMFL Guarantor under the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee and continuance of such default or breach for a period of 60 days after there 
has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, 
as the case may be, by the holders of at least 25 per cent. in principal amount of the 
Outstanding Notes, a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it 
to be remedied and stating that such notice is a "Notice of Default" hereunder; or 
(iv) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 9(a)(iv) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER IS 
CITIGROUP INC. OR CGMHI: the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of 
the Issuer by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary case under 
the United States Federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other 
applicable United States Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, 
or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other 
similar official) of the Issuer or of the whole or substantially the whole of its property, 
or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such 
decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or 
(v) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 9(a)(v) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER IS 
CITIGROUP INC. OR CGMHI: the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary case 
under the United States Federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or 
any other applicable United States Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other 
similar law, or the consent by it to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case 
under any such law or to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, 
trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Issuer or of the whole or 
substantially the whole of its property, or the making by the Issuer of an assignment 
for the benefit of its creditors generally, or the admission by the Issuer in writing of its 
inability to pay its debts generally as they become due; or 
(vi) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 9(a)(vi) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER IS 
CGMFL: 
(A) 
any order is made by any component court or any resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the 
opening of any bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency (insolvabilité), voluntary or 
judicial liquidation, (liquidation volontaire ou judiciaire), reprieve from 
payment (sursis de paiement), fraudulent conveyance (actio pauliana), 
reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings (including without 
limitation 
judicial 
reorganisation 
(réorganisation 
judiciaire) 
and 
reorganisation by amicable agreement (réorganisation par accord amiable)) 
affecting the rights of creditors generally) or the appointment of a receiver of 
the Issuer (including, without limitation, the appointment of any receiver 
(curateur), liquidator (liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), or verifier (expert 
vérificateur, juge délégué or juge commissaire)) save for the purposes of

--- Page 445 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
445 
 
amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar 
arrangement; or 
(B) 
the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor 
by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary case under the 
United Kingdom bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other 
applicable United Kingdom bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or 
appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or 
other similar official) of the CGMFL Guarantor or of the whole or 
substantially the whole of its property, or ordering the winding-up or 
liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order 
unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or 
(C) 
the commencement by the CGMFL Guarantor of a voluntary case under the 
United Kingdom bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any 
other applicable United Kingdom bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar 
law, or the consent by it to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary 
case under any such law or to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, 
assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the 
CGMFL Guarantor or of the whole or substantially the whole of its property, 
or the making by the CGMFL Guarantor of an assignment for the benefit of 
its creditors generally, or the admission by the CGMFL Guarantor in writing 
of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due; 
save that, in the case of each of (B) and (C) above, any action taken or occurrence in 
the context of a solvent winding-up of the CGMFL Guarantor solely for the purposes 
of a reorganisation, reconstruction, merger or amalgamation shall not constitute an 
Event of Default, provided that any company which, as a result of any such 
reorganisation, reconstruction, merger or amalgamation owns beneficially the whole 
or substantially the whole of the undertaking, property and assets owned by the 
CGMFL Guarantor immediately prior thereto shall carry on the whole or substantially 
the whole of the business carried on by the CGMFL Guarantor immediately prior 
thereto and in any event such reorganisation, reconstruction, merger or amalgamation 
does not result in any Securities becoming repayable or redeemable or to be terminated 
or the CGMFL Guarantee to be extinguished in whole or in part in relation to any 
Securities; or 
(vii) 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the CGMFL Guarantor 
not to be, in full force and effect (except, for the avoidance of doubt, where this is a 
result of the CGMFL Guarantor becoming the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions). For 
the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of this provision, the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee shall be deemed not to have ceased to be in full force and effect in 
circumstances where there is a consolidation or merger of the CGMFL Guarantor in 
accordance with General Condition 14 (Consolidation or Merger) or where a 
substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor is effected in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor). 
(b) 
If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes at the time Outstanding occurs and is continuing, 
then in every such case the holders of not less than 25 per cent. in principal amount of the 
Outstanding Notes may declare the Notes, by a notice in writing to the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and the Fiscal Agent, to be immediately due and payable, 
whereupon each principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount shall become

--- Page 446 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
446 
 
due and repayable at the Early Redemption Amount. Upon such payment in respect of any Note, 
all obligations of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of 
such Note shall be discharged. For the avoidance of doubt, all references to "Notes" are 
references to Notes of a Series.  
(c) 
"Outstanding" when used with respect to the Notes, means, as of the date of determination, all 
Notes authenticated and delivered under the Conditions prior to such date, except: 
(i) 
Notes cancelled by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar or delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
or the Registrar for cancellation; 
(ii) 
Notes or portions thereof for whose payment or redemption money in the necessary 
amount has been deposited with the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in 
accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement; provided, however, that if such Notes 
or portions thereof are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been duly given 
pursuant to the Conditions or provision therefor satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent has 
been made; and 
(iii) 
Notes in exchange for or in lieu of which other Notes have been authenticated and 
delivered pursuant to the Conditions, other than any such Notes in respect of which 
there shall have been presented to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar proof satisfactory 
to it that such Notes are held by a bona fide purchaser in whose hands such Notes are 
valid obligations of the Issuer, 
provided, however, that in determining whether the holders of the requisite principal amount of 
Notes Outstanding have performed any act hereunder, Notes owned by the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor or any person directly or indirectly controlling or 
controlled by or under direct or indirect common control of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
or the CGMFL Guarantor shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding. Notes so 
owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee 
establishes to the satisfaction of the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar the pledgee's right to act with 
respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor or any person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under 
direct or indirect common control of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor. 
10. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of holders of Notes 
(including Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the Notes (including the Conditions 
insofar as the same may apply to the Notes), the relevant Deed of Covenant, the CGMHI Deed 
of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, as they relate to the Notes. The 
Fiscal Agency Agreement provides that (a) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and 
held in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 
three quarters of the votes cast on such resolution, (b) a resolution in writing signed by or on 
behalf of all the Noteholders, or (c) consent given by way of electronic consents through the 
relevant Clearing System(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) by or on behalf of all 
the Noteholders, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on 
all the holders of the Notes, whether present or not, except that any Extraordinary Resolution

--- Page 447 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
447 
 
proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, or any date 
for payment of interest thereon, (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount of the Notes, the 
Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Merger Redemption Amount 
(as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), the Substitution Event Redemption Amount (as 
defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), the Redemption Amount or any other amount payable 
or deliverable on redemption of the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect 
of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest, 
(iv) if a Minimum Interest Rate and/or a Maximum Interest Rate is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate, (v) to change any 
method of calculating the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the 
Merger Redemption Amount, the Substitution Event Redemption Amount, the Redemption 
Amount or any other amount payable or deliverable on redemption of the Notes, (vi) to change 
the currency or currencies of payment of the Notes, (vii) to modify the provisions concerning 
the quorum required at any meeting of holders of Notes or any adjournment thereof or the 
majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution or (viii) to take any steps which as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms may only be taken following approval by an 
Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply, will only be binding if 
passed at a meeting of the holders of Notes (or at any adjournment thereof) at which a special 
quorum (provided for in the Fiscal Agency Agreement is present. For the avoidance of doubt, 
all references to "Notes" are references to Notes of a Series. 
If a holder of Swedish Notes held through a nominee (an "Indirect Noteholder") attends the 
meeting (in person or through a duly authorised agent) and shows a certificate from the relevant 
nominee showing that such Indirect Noteholder on the fifth (5th) Stockholm Business Day prior 
to the meeting was a holder of Swedish Notes, the Indirect Noteholder shall be regarded the 
holder of such Swedish Notes for the purposes of this General Condition 10. 
In connection with a meeting of holders of such Swedish Notes, the Swedish Securities Issuing 
and Paying Agent shall, to the fullest extent permitted under the Swedish CSD Rules, have 
access to the CSD Register (Sw. avstämningsregistret) for the Swedish Notes. 
In the case of French Law Notes, the following provisions of this General Condition 10 above 
shall apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions. 
In this General Condition: 
• 
"Written Decision" means a resolution in writing signed or approved by or on behalf 
of the Noteholders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the French Law 
Notes outstanding. References to a Written Decision include, unless the context 
otherwise requires, a resolution approved by Electronic Consent; 
• 
References to a "General Meeting" are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all 
Tranches of a single Series and include, unless the context otherwise requires, any 
adjourned meeting thereof; 
• 
"Resolution" means a resolution adopted (i) at a General Meeting in accordance with 
the quorum and voting rules described in this General Condition or (ii) pursuant to a 
Written Decision; and 
• 
References to "French Law Notes" and "Noteholders" are only to the French Law 
Notes of the Series in respect of which a General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, 
and to the French Law Notes of the Series in respect of which a Written Decision has

--- Page 448 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
448 
 
been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those Notes (excluding, for the avoidance 
of doubt, the Issuer), respectively. 
Full Masse 
In respect of French domestic issues of French Law Notes with a Specified Denomination of 
less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or for 
which the minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is less than EUR100,000 
(or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), the applicable Issue Terms shall 
specify "Full Masse" with respect to "Representation of Noteholders / Masse". "Full Masse" 
may also be specified in respect of French Law Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or for which the 
minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is at least EUR100,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or are issued outside France. If the 
applicable Issue Terms specify "Full Masse" with respect to "Representation of Noteholders / 
Masse" the following provisions of this General Condition 10(a) shall apply with respect to the 
full provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse (in each case, the 
"Masse"). In this case, the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse in accordance with the full 
provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse. 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through a General Meeting of the Noteholders. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect to 
the French Law Notes. The provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse 
shall apply, as completed by, and subject to, the provisions of this General Condition 10(a). 
(ii) 
Representative 
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any nationality who agrees to 
perform such a function. However, the following persons may not be chosen as Representatives 
in respect of Article L.228-49 of the French Code de commerce: 
(A) 
the Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration), their 
Supervisory Board (Conseil de surveillance), its general managers (directeurs 
généraux), its statutory auditors, its employees as well as its ascendants, descendants 
and spouse; 
(B) 
the Guarantor, and more generally companies guaranteeing all or part of the obligations 
of the Issuer, their respective managers (gérants), general managers (directeurs 
généraux), members of their Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration), Executive 
Board (Directoire), or Supervisory Board (Conseil de surveillance), their statutory 
auditors, or employees as well as their ascendants, descendants and spouse; 
(C) 
companies holding ten per cent. or more of the share capital of the Issuer or companies 
having ten per cent. or more of their share capital held by the Issuer; or 
(D) 
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived of the 
right of directing, administering or managing an enterprise in whatever capacity.

--- Page 449 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
449 
 
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses of the 
initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will be set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of French Law Notes 
will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the Representative, such 
Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of death, retirement or 
revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, a further alternate will be elected by 
the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified 
offices of any of the relevant Agents. 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the contrary of the General Meeting) 
have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interest 
of the Noteholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
The Representative may delegate his powers to a third party, subject to Articles L. 228- 49, L. 
228-62 and L. 228-63 of the French Code de commerce. 
(iv) 
General Meeting 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder of French Law Notes to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the 
entries in the books of the relevant Euroclear France Accountholder of the name of such 
Noteholder of French Law Notes, at 0:00, Paris time, on the second business day in Paris 
preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of 
the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date of such General Meeting 
on first convocation, and five days on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder of French Law Notes has the right to participate in a General Meeting in 
person, by proxy, correspondence, and in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the French Code 
de commerce, videoconference or any other means of telecommunication allowing the 
identification of the participating Noteholders. 
Each French Law Note carries the right to one vote. 
(v) 
Written Decision and Electronic Consent

--- Page 450 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
450 
 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de Commerce, the Issuer shall be entitled, in 
lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a decision from the Noteholders by 
way of a Written Decision. Subject to the following sentence, a Written Decision may be 
contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de 
Commerce, approval of a Written Decision may also be given by way of electronic 
communication ("Electronic Consent"). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Decision (including by way of Electronic Consent) 
will be published as provided under General Condition 13 (Notices) not less than five days prior 
to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Decision (the "Written Decision Date"). 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Decision will contain the conditions of form and time-
limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection 
of such proposed Written Decision. Noteholders expressing their approval or rejection before 
the Written Decision Date will undertake not to dispose of their French Law Note until after the 
Written Decision Date. 
Contractual Masse 
In respect of (i) issues of French Law Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or for which the 
minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is at least EUR100,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or (ii) issued outside France ("à 
l'étranger"), if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Contractual Masse", the Noteholders will, 
in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a single Masse in accordance with this General Condition 10(a). The Masse 
will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse 
provided that Article L. 228-65 I 3° shall not apply in the event of a transfer of assets from the 
Issuer to any fully consolidated subsidiary, and with the exception of Articles L.228-48, L.228- 
65 sub-paragraphs 1°, 4° and 6° of I and II, R.228-63 and R.228-69 and further subject to 
provisions below. 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a Representative and in 
part through a General Meeting. 
(ii) 
Representative 
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any nationality who agrees to 
perform such a function. However, the following persons may not be chosen as Representatives 
in respect of Article L.228-49 of the French Code de commerce: 
(A) 
the Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration), their 
Supervisory Board (Conseil de surveillance), its general managers (directeurs 
généraux), its statutory auditors, its employees as well as its ascendants, descendants 
and spouse; 
(B) 
the Guarantor, and more generally companies guaranteeing all or part of the obligations 
of the Issuer, their respective managers (gérants), general managers (directeurs 
généraux), members of their Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration), Executive 
Board (Directoire), or Supervisory Board (Conseil de surveillance), their statutory 
auditors, or employees as well as their ascendants, descendants and spouse;

--- Page 451 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
451 
 
(C) 
companies holding ten per cent. or more of the share capital of the Issuer or companies 
having ten per cent. or more of their share capital held by the Issuer; or 
(D) 
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived of the 
right of directing, administering or managing an enterprise in whatever capacity. 
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses of the 
initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will be set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of French Law Notes 
will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the Representative, such 
Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of death, retirement or 
revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, a further alternate will be elected by 
the General Meeting 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the specified 
offices of any of the relevant Agents. 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the contrary of the General Meeting) 
have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interest 
of the Noteholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
The Representative may delegate his powers to a third party, subject to Articles L. 228- 49, L. 
228-62 and L. 228-63 of the French Code de commerce. 
(iv) 
General Meeting 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder of French Law Notes to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the 
entries in the books of the relevant Euroclear France Accountholder of the name of such 
Noteholder of French Law Notes at 0:00, Paris time on the second business day in Paris 
preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice of 
date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date of such General Meeting 
on first convocation, and five days on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder of French Law Notes has the right to participate in a General Meeting in 
person, by proxy, correspondence, and in accordance with Article L.228-61 of the French Code

--- Page 452 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
452 
 
de commerce, videoconference or any other means of telecommunication allowing the 
identification of the participating Noteholders. 
Each French Law Note carries the right to one vote. 
(v) 
Written Decision and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de Commerce, the Issuer shall be entitled, in 
lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a decision from the Noteholders by 
way of a Written Decision. Subject to the following sentence, a Written Decision may be 
contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de 
Commerce, approval of a Written Decision may also be given by way of Electronic Consent. 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Decision (including by way of Electronic Consent) 
will be published as provided under General Condition 13 (Notices) not less than five days prior 
to the Written Decision Date. Notices seeking the approval of a Written Decision will contain 
the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to 
express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Decision. Noteholders expressing 
their approval or rejection before the Written Decision Date will undertake not to dispose of 
their French Law Note until after the Written Decision Date. 
Contractual Representation of Noteholders / No Masse 
In respect of (i) issues of French Law Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or for which the 
minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is at least EUR100,000 (or its 
equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or (ii) issued outside of France ("à 
l'étranger"), if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Contractual Representation of Noteholders 
/ No Masse" with respect to "Representation of Noteholders / Masse", the following provisions 
shall apply: 
(i) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier: 
(A) 
the Noteholder shall not be grouped in a Masse having separate legal personality and 
acting in part through a Representative (représentant de la masse) and in part through 
General Meetings; 
(B) 
however, the following provisions of the French Code de commerce shall apply: 
Articles L.228-46-1, L.228-57, L.228-61 (with the exception of the first paragraph 
thereof), L.228-65 (with the exception of (i) sub-paragraphs 1°, 3°, 4° and 6° of 
paragraph I and (ii) paragraph II), L.228-66, L.228-67, L.228-76, L.228- 88, R.228-65 
to R.228-68, and R.228-70 to R.228-75 of the French Code de commerce, and 
(C) 
whenever the words "de la masse", "d'une même masse", "par les représentants de la 
masse", "d'une masse", "et au représentant de la masse", "de la masse intéressée", 
"dont la masse est convoquée en assemblée" or "par un représentant de la masse", 
appear in those provisions, they shall be deemed to be deleted, and subject to the 
following provisions of this General Condition 10(a). 
(ii) 
Powers of General Meetings

--- Page 453 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
453 
 
Subject to this General Condition 10(a), the General Meeting may deliberate with respect to any 
matter that relates to the common rights (intérêts communs) of the Noteholder. 
The General Meeting may deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the 
Conditions including any proposal, whether for a compromise or settlement, regarding rights 
which are the subject of litigation or in respect of which a judicial decision has been rendered, 
and relating to a total or partial waiver of the guarantees granted to the Noteholder, the deferral 
of any interest payment and the modification of the amortisation or interest rate provisions. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the General Meeting may not establish any inequality of treatment 
between Noteholders. 
The Noteholder may appoint a nominee to file a proof of claim in the name of all Noteholders 
in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to Article L.228-85 of the French Code de commerce, in the absence of such 
appointment of a nominee, the judicial representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its own 
initiative or at the request of any Noteholder, will ask the court to appoint a representative of 
the Noteholder who will file the proof of noteholders' claim. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a General Meeting has no power to deliberate on any proposal 
relating to (a) the modification of the corporate object or form of the Issuer, (b) the issue of 
notes benefiting from a security over assets (surêté réelle) which will not benefit the Noteholder, 
(c) the potential merger (fusion) or demerger (scission) including partial transfers of assets 
(apports partiels d'actifs) under the demerger regime of or by the Issuer or (d) the transfer of 
the registered office of a European Company (Societas Europaea –SE) to a different Member 
State of the European Union. 
However, each Noteholder is a creditor of the Issuer and as such enjoys, pursuant to Article 
L.213-6-3 IV of the French Code monétaire et financier, all the rights and prerogatives of 
individual creditors in the circumstances described above, including any right to object (former 
opposition). 
Each Noteholder is entitled to bring a legal action against the Issuer for the defence of its own 
interests; such a legal action does not require the authorisation of the General Meeting. 
(iii) 
Convening of a General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by the Issuer. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (by number) of the French Law Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If 
such General Meeting has not been convened within two months after such demand, the 
Noteholder may commission one of their members to petition a competent court in Paris to 
appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided 
under General Condition 13 (Notices), not less than fifteen days prior to the date of such General 
Meeting on first convocation and not less than five days prior to the date of such General 
Meeting on second convocation. 
(iv) 
Arrangements for Voting

--- Page 454 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
454 
 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence or by video conference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing 
the identification of a participating Noteholder. 
Each French Law Note carries the right to one vote. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris 
time, on the second business day preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General 
Meeting. 
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
General Condition 13 (Notices). 
(v) 
Chairman 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of them to be the chairman (the 
"Chairman") by a simple majority of votes present or represented at such General Meeting 
(notwithstanding the absence of a quorum at the time of such vote). If the Noteholders fail to 
designate a Chairman, the Noteholder holding or representing the highest number of French 
Law Notes and present at such meeting shall be appointed Chairman, failing which the Issuer 
may appoint a Chairman. The Chairman appointed by the Issuer need not be a Noteholder. The 
Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the Chairman of the original 
meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
(vi) 
Quorum and Voting 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (by number) of the French Law Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a 
simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending (including by video conference or by 
any other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders) 
such General Meetings or represented thereat. 
(vii) 
Written Decision and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be entitled, in 
lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholder by 
way of a Written Decision. Subject to the paragraph below, a Written Decision may be contained 
in one document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, 
approval of a Written Decision may also be given by way of Electronic Consent. 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Decision (including by way of Electronic Consent) 
will be published as provided under General Condition 13 (Notices) not less than five days prior 
to the Written Decision Date. Notices seeking the approval of a Written Decision will contain 
the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to 
express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Decision. Noteholders expressing 
their approval or rejection before the Written Decision Date will undertake not to dispose of 
their French Law Notes until the Written Decision Date. 
(viii) 
Effect of Resolutions

--- Page 455 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
455 
 
A decision passed at a General Meeting or a Written Decision (including by Electronic 
Consent), shall be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not present or represented at the 
General Meeting and whether or not, in the case of a Written Decision (including by Electronic 
Consent), they have participated in such Written Decision (including by Electronic Consent) 
and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the decision accordingly. 
Information to Noteholders 
Each Noteholder will have the right, during (i) the 15-day period preceding the holding of the 
relevant General Meeting on first convocation, (ii) the 5-day period preceding the holding of 
the relevant General Meeting on second convocation or (iii) in the case of a Written Decision, 
a period of not less than five days preceding the Written Decision Date, as the case may be, to 
consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports 
which will be prepared in connection with such resolution, all of which will be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified 
offices of any of the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent during usual business hours 
and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written Decision. 
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Decision, once approved, will be published in 
accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). 
Expenses 
If "Contractual Representation of Holders/No Masse" or "Contractual Masse" are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the 
Masse, including expenses relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking 
the approval of a Written Decision, and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved 
upon by the General Meeting or in writing through a Written Decision by the Noteholders, it 
being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the 
French Law Notes. 
If "Full Masse" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Article L.228-71 of the French Code 
de commerce shall apply. 
Single Masse 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", the 
Noteholders of the same Series and the Noteholders of any other Series being assimilated to the 
French Law Notes of the said first indicated Series, in accordance with General Condition 10 
(Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding), shall be grouped into 
a single Masse for the purpose of defending their respective common interests. The 
Representative appointed for the first Tranche of a Series of French Law Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of that entire Series. 
Single Noteholder 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", if and for so 
long as the Notes of a given Series are held by a single Noteholder, the relevant Noteholder will 
exercise directly the powers delegated to the Representative and General Meetings of 
Noteholder under General Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, 
Determinations and Rounding), as the case may be, whether or not a Representative has been 
appointed. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Representative has been appointed while the French 
Law Notes of a given Series are held by a single Noteholder, such Representative shall be devoid

--- Page 456 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
456 
 
of powers. A Representative shall only be appointed if the French Law Notes of a Series are 
held by more than one Noteholder. 
(b) 
Modifications 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor may make, without the consent 
of the Noteholders: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) to, as applicable, the Notes, the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement, the relevant Deed of Covenant, the relevant Swedish Agency 
Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, which is, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders 
(without considering the individual circumstances of any Noteholder or the tax or other 
consequences of such modification in any particular jurisdiction); or 
(ii) 
any modification to the Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Deed of 
Covenant, the relevant Swedish Agency Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agency Agreement, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee, as applicable, which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of 
law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
Save as provided therein and subject as provided above, each Swedish Agency Agreement may 
be amended by agreement among the parties thereto and without the consent of any holders of 
the Notes. 
In the case of French Law Notes, the following provisions of this General Condition 10(b) shall 
apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions. 
The Issuer may from time to time amend the Conditions of any French Law Notes in accordance 
with General Condition 10(a) (Meetings of Noteholders). 
In respect of French Law Notes which have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR100,000 
(or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) or which can be traded in amounts 
of at least EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), the 
Issuer may modify the Conditions of the Notes without the consent of the Noteholders to correct 
a manifest error. Notice of any such modification will be given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13 (Notices). In other circumstances, the consent of a defined majority 
of Noteholders is required to make amendments. The Conditions of the French Law Notes 
contain provisions for Noteholders to call and attend meetings to vote upon such matters or to 
pass a written resolution in the absence of such a meeting. Resolutions passed at such a meeting, 
or passed in writing, can bind all Noteholders of French Law Notes, including investors that did 
not attend or vote, or who do not consent to the amendments. 
(c) 
Determinations 
Whenever any matter is required to be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise 
decided upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person (including where a matter

--- Page 457 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
457 
 
is to be decided by reference to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent's or such other person's 
opinion), that matter shall be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided 
upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or such other person, as the case may be, in good faith 
and (i) where "Sole and Absolute Determination" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
its sole and absolute discretion or (ii) where "Commercial Determination" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in a commercially reasonable manner.  
The provisions above are without prejudice to the provisions in any applicable Schedule, which 
will prevail in relation to determinations thereunder in the event of any inconsistency. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, in respect of French Law Notes only, 
whenever any matter is required to be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise 
decided upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person (including where a matter 
is to be decided by reference to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent's or such other person's 
opinion), that matter shall be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided 
upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or such other person, as the case may be, in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, including without limitation any such determination, 
consideration, election, selection or otherwise which is expressed in the Conditions to be in the 
sole and absolute discretion of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person. 
The Calculation Agent or such other person may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any 
of its obligations and functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. The Issuer may delegate 
any of its obligations and functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
All discretions exercised and determinations, considerations, elections, selections or other 
decisions made in respect of the Notes by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of 
manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders and (in the 
absence of wilful default or bad faith) neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall have 
any responsibility to any person for any errors or omissions in any (a) calculation by the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, of any amount due in respect of the Notes 
or (b) determination made by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions (save as provided in the next sentence), if the 
terms of the Notes provide that the Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date is a fixed 
amount or is determined by reference to a formula, which provides for a minimum amount to 
be payable on the Maturity Date, no modification or adjustment to, or calculation under, the 
Conditions may be made by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to reduce the amount so payable 
on such date to less than such fixed amount or minimum amount (as applicable), PROVIDED 
THAT the foregoing shall not apply if the applicable Issue Terms provide that "Minimum 
Amount Adjustment Prohibition" is not applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the preceding 
sentence shall not apply in relation to the rights of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Guarantor to make any modification to the Notes pursuant to General Condition 10(b) 
(Modifications) above. 
(d) 
(i) 
Exercise of Discretion 
In exercising its discretion in respect of the Notes as provided herein, each of the Issuer 
and the Calculation Agent or such other person (described in General Condition 10(c) 
above) may take into account such factors as it determines appropriate in each case, 
which may include, in particular, any circumstances or events which have or may have 
a material impact on the hedging arrangements entered into by a Hedging Party (as 
defined in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule) in respect of the Notes. The exercise 
of the Issuer's and/or the Calculation Agent's and/or such other person's discretion in

--- Page 458 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
458 
 
respect of the Notes as provided herein are necessary because certain circumstances or 
events (for example a material modification or disruption to an Underlying to which 
the Notes are linked) may occur subsequent to the issuance of the Notes which may 
materially affect the costs to a Hedging Party of maintaining the relevant Notes or 
relevant hedging arrangements. Such circumstances or events may not have been 
reflected in the pricing of the Notes. In addition, as a result of certain circumstances or 
events (e.g. unavailability or disruption to any reference source), it may no longer be 
reasonably practicable or otherwise appropriate for certain valuations in respect of any 
Underlying or otherwise in connection with the Notes to be made, thus making it 
necessary for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion in such 
a case. 
(ii) 
Determinations and Exercise of Discretion (BEC) 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, if the applicable Issue Terms 
specifies that "Determinations and Exercise of Discretion (BEC)" is applicable, then: 
(A) 
General Condition 10(d)(i) (Exercise of Discretion) shall not apply and any 
hedging arrangements shall not be taken into consideration by the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other person in respect of any matter which falls to 
be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person, as the case may be (for the 
avoidance of doubt, including without limitation that the following text at the 
end of paragraph (i) of the definition of "Reference Rate Event" in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 23(c) shall be disregarded: "or any related hedging 
arrangements in respect of the Notes which are derivative transactions 
referencing the relevant Reference Rate"); 
(B) 
whenever any matter falls to be determined, considered, elected, selected or 
otherwise decided upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other 
person, that matter shall be determined, considered, elected, selected or 
otherwise decided upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other 
person, as the case may be, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, including without limitation any such determination, consideration, 
election, selection or otherwise which is expressed in the Conditions to be in 
the sole and absolute discretion of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
other person; 
(C) 
in respect of each provision in the Conditions pursuant to which the 
Calculation Agent or Issuer may adjust the terms of the Notes (without the 
prior consent of the Noteholders), the Calculation Agent or Issuer (as 
applicable) shall take all reasonable measures to continue the Notes under 
similar terms and conditions so that any adjustment or alteration made to the 
essential characteristics of the Notes is not substantial and is made in order to 
preserve the original economic rationale and objectives of the Notes; 
(D) 
in respect of each provision in the Conditions pursuant to which the 
Calculation Agent or Issuer may substitute or replace an Underlying or 
Reference Asset or other asset (without the prior consent of the holders), the 
Calculation Agent or Issuer (as applicable) may only replace the applicable 
original Underlying or Reference Asset or other asset (as applicable) with a 
replacement asset which is as similar as possible to the original Underlying

--- Page 459 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
459 
 
or Reference Asset or other asset (as applicable) being replaced or substituted; 
and 
(E) 
the Noteholders may not be charged (whether directly or indirectly via 
deduction from any amount(s) payable or asset(s) deliverable under the Notes 
under the Conditions) any costs (such as settlement cost) in relation to 
adjustments or replacements as described in paragraphs (C) and (D) above or 
(without prejudice to the terms of (A) above) in respect of any cost to the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of their respective affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements in respect 
of the Notes (including, without limitation, any options relating to any 
Underlying or Reference Asset or other asset hedging the Issuer's obligations 
under the Notes); and 
(F) 
in each of FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Settlement Disruption) of Part A of 
Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions), and FX Rate Condition 6(e) 
(Settlement Disruption) of Part B of Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate 
Conditions) (in each case, in the definition of "Currency Settlement 
Disruption Event"), the following phrase shall be disregarded: "and 
Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in 
respect of any such delay". 
In the case of any inconsistency with any other term of the Conditions, this General 
Condition 10(d)(ii) shall prevail (save that in the case of any inconsistency General 
Condition 10(b) (Modifications) shall prevail over this General Condition 10(d)(ii)). 
(e) 
Hedging Arrangements 
As used in this General Condition 10, "hedging arrangements" means the arrangements, if 
any, the Issuer makes to have available to it the relevant cash amounts to be paid or assets to be 
delivered under the Notes as these fall due. This may involve a Hedging Party investing directly 
in an Underlying or by entering into securities transactions or loan transactions or derivative 
transactions or any combination thereof. Alternatively, a Hedging Party may make an indirect 
investment by entering into or acquiring a derivative contract referencing an Underlying or by 
entering into securities transactions, loan transactions, one or more credit derivative transactions 
in unfunded form with economically equivalent terms to the Credit Linked Notes or a 
combination of such credit derivative transactions with one or more other derivative contracts. 
Such hedging arrangements may be carried out on a portfolio basis (i.e. where the Hedging 
Party maintains arrangements for hedging the Notes together with other obligations of the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates). A Hedging Party will seek to select hedging arrangements which are 
efficient for it in the context of the tax, regulatory and business environment in which it operates, 
but will do so without having regard to the interests of Noteholders. A Hedging Party may also 
adjust hedging arrangements from time to time but will not always be able to avoid adverse 
costs, taxes or regulatory changes which affect its hedging arrangements. For the avoidance of 
doubt, no Hedging Party is under any obligation to enter into any hedging arrangements and, if 
any hedging arrangements are entered into, such arrangements will not confer any rights or 
entitlements on any Noteholder and no Noteholder will have recourse to any such hedging 
arrangements. 
(f) 
Determination of amounts payable or deliverable 
The Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other person will employ the methodology 
described in the Conditions (including the Valuation and Settlement Schedule) to determine

--- Page 460 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
460 
 
amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Notes. When making any such determination 
in relation to any amounts so payable or deliverable, the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
and/or such other persons may in its/their sole and absolute discretion consider any relevant 
information, which may but is not required to include, without limitation, one or more of the 
following: 
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) supplied by one or more third parties or 
information sources; 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant markets supplied by one 
or more third parties or information sources including, without limitation, relevant 
rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads correlation or other relevant 
market data in the relevant market; or 
(iii) 
information of the types described in paragraph (i) or (ii) above from internal sources 
(including any Affiliates of the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other 
persons) or other information of a type used by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
and/or such other persons in the regular course of its business or in connection with 
similar transactions. 
Whenever any of the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other person is required 
to make any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal 
interpretation. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
and/or such other person in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions 
under the Notes including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall 
not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation 
or discretion. 
(g) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest "unit" of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down 
to the nearest Yen. For these purposes unit means the lowest amount of such currency which is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(h) 
Disclaimer of liability and responsibility 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any such other person makes any express or 
implied representations or warranties as to (i) the advisability of investing in or obtaining 
exposure to the Notes, (ii) the value of the Notes at any particular time on any particular date, 
or (iii) any amounts that may become payable or deliverable in respect of the Notes. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Calculation Agent and/or such other 
persons have any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Noteholders for any 
direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including loss of profits) 
even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
The Calculation Agent and/or such other persons shall not have any responsibility to any holder 
for any errors or omissions in any calculations or determinations in respect of the Notes and act

--- Page 461 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
461 
 
solely as agents of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor and do not 
assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. 
In respect of French Law Notes, neither the Issuer nor any Agent shall be held responsible for 
any loss or damage, resulting from any force majeure event as defined in article 1218 of the 
French Code Civil. Where the Issuer or any of the Agents is prevented from effecting payment 
or delivery due to such event, payment or delivery may be postponed until the time the event or 
circumstance impeding payment has ceased, and shall have no obligation to pay or deliver any 
additional amounts in respect of such postponement. 
(i) 
Conflict of Interest 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
of its Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the Issuer and any Series of 
Notes including, but not limited to, for example, being involved in arrangements relating to any 
Underlying(s) (for example as a calculation agent or, in the case of a proprietary index for 
example, as index sponsor). Furthermore, the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliates may 
contract with the Issuer and/or enter into transactions which relate to the Issuer, the Notes or 
any Underlying and as a result the Calculation Agent may face a conflict between its obligations 
as Calculation Agent and its and/or its Affiliates' interests in other capacities. Subject to all 
regulatory obligations, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent in respect of the Notes shall 
owe any duty or responsibility to any Noteholder to avoid any conflict or to act in the interests 
of any Noteholder. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes 
If, in respect of Notes other than Swedish Notes, Finnish Notes or French Law Notes, a Note is 
lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and 
stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Registrar or such other Paying Agent 
or Transfer Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and 
notice of whose designation is given to holders in accordance with General Condition 13 
(Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter 
alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note is subsequently presented for payment 
or delivery (where applicable), there will be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable 
or an amount equal to the amount so deliverable by the Issuer in respect of such Note) and 
otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. This General Condition 11 shall not apply to Swedish Notes, 
Finnish Notes or French Law Notes. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further 
notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (or the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon) PROVIDED THAT, for the avoidance 
of doubt and unless otherwise specified, references in the Conditions to "Issue Date" shall be to 
the first issue date of the Notes and so that the same shall be consolidated (with respect to French 
Law Notes, assimilées) and form a single Series with such Notes, and references in the 
Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
13. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices in relation to Notes other than Finnish Notes, Swedish Notes and French Law Notes

--- Page 462 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
462 
 
All notices to the holders of Registered Notes will be deemed validly given if mailed to them at 
their respective addresses in the register and any such notice will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing.  
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Registered 
Note Certificate(s) representing the Notes are held in its or their entirety (as applicable) on 
behalf of any Relevant Clearing System, be substituted for such mailing as provided above, the 
delivery of the relevant notice to each Relevant Clearing System for communication by them to 
the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading 
on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange so require, such notice will be 
published in the manner and/or place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Relevant Clearing System or, where there is more than one Relevant Clearing 
System the first such Relevant Clearing System. 
For so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by any other relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or other relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published in the manner and/or place or places required 
by those rules. 
Any such notice will be deemed validly given on the date specified above or, if deemed given 
more than once or on different dates, on the date first so deemed given as provided above. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Registrar. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, such 
notice may be given by any Noteholder to the Registrar through the Relevant Clearing System 
in such manner as the Registrar and the Relevant Clearing System may approve for this purpose. 
(b) 
Notices in relation to Finnish Notes 
Notices to holders of Finnish Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by mail to a 
Noteholder on the address registered for such Noteholder in the Euroclear Finland Register 
maintained by the Euroclear Finland Registrar in accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
With respect to Finnish Notes listed on the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin 
("Euronext Dublin") (or other stock exchange or relevant authority, as applicable) and so long 
as the rules of that exchange so require, any notices to holders must also be published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (or other relevant stock exchange or relevant authority) and any 
such notice will be deemed validly given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once on different dates, on the date of first publication as provided above. 
(c) 
Notices in relation to Swedish Notes 
Notices to holders of Swedish Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by mail to a 
holder of Notes to the address registered for such holder in the system of Euroclear Sweden or 
in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given, if sent by mail to the holder, on the fourth day following the day the notice was sent by 
mail. 
Notices to be given by any holder of Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same 
with the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent.

--- Page 463 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
463 
 
With respect to Swedish Notes listed on Euronext Dublin (or another stock exchange, as 
applicable) and so long as the rules of that exchange so require, any notices to holders must also 
be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (or other relevant stock exchange) and any such 
notice will be deemed validly given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the date of first publication as provided above.  
(d) 
Notices in relation to French Law Notes 
(i) 
Notices to the Noteholders of French Law Notes in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) shall be valid if either, (A) they are mailed to them at their respective 
addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday 
(being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or (B) at the option 
of the Issuer, as long as such French Law Notes are listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, they are published (I) in a leading daily newspaper having general 
circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (II) in accordance with 
Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF 
or (C) so long as such French Law Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any 
regulated market or other stock exchange and the rules of such regulated market or 
other stock exchange so require, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the city where the regulated market or other stock exchange on which such French Law 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other 
competent authority or regulated market of the EEA Member State where the French 
Law Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
(ii) 
Notices to the Noteholders of French Law Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be 
valid if published (A) so long as such French Law Notes are listed and admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris, (I) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in 
France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (II) in accordance with Articles 221-3 
and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF or (B), so long 
as such French Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading on any regulated 
market or other stock exchange and the rules of such regulated market or other stock 
exchange so require, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in the city 
where the regulated market or other stock exchange on which such French Law Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other competent 
authority or regulated market of the EEA member state where the French Law Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading. 
(iii) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in 
another leading daily English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication 
or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first such 
publication. 
(iv) 
Notices required to be given to the Noteholders of French Law Notes (whether in 
registered or in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear France and any other clearing system through which 
the French Law Notes are for the time being cleared, in substitution for the mailing 
and publication of a notice required by General Conditions 13(d)(i), (ii) and (iii) above; 
except that for so long as the French Law Notes are listed and admitted to trading on a 
regulated market or other stock exchange and the rules of such regulated market or 
other stock exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the city where the regulated market or other stock 
exchange on which such French Law Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located.

--- Page 464 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
464 
 
(v) 
Notices relating to convocation and decision(s) pursuant to General Condition 10(a) 
(Meetings of Noteholders) and pursuant to Articles R.228-79 and R.236-11 of the 
French Code de commerce shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
France and any other clearing system through which the French Law Notes are for the 
time being cleared. For the avoidance of doubt, General Conditions 13(d)(i), 
13(d)(ii)(ii), (iii) and (iv) above shall not apply to such notices. 
(vi) 
Notices will, if published more than once, be deemed to have been given on the date 
of the first publication. 
(e) 
Notices to the Fiscal Agent 
Notices to the Fiscal Agent should be copied to, or forwarded by the Fiscal Agent to, the Issuer. 
14. 
Consolidation or Merger 
(a) 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor shall not consolidate with or merge 
into any other corporation or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as 
an entirety to any Person (as defined below), other than (i) in the case of Notes issued by 
Citigroup Inc. and in relation to the Issuer or (ii) in the case of Notes issued by CGMHI and in 
relation to the CGMHI Guarantor only, by way of a conveyance, transfer or lease to one or more 
of its respective Subsidiaries (as defined below), unless: 
(i) 
the corporation formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor is merged or the Person which acquires by 
conveyance or transfer, or which leases, the properties and assets of the Issuer 
substantially as an entirety (the "successor corporation") shall be a corporation 
organised and existing under the laws of any of the United States, the United Kingdom, 
Luxembourg, France, Germany, Belgium or The Netherlands or, in any such case, any 
political subdivision thereof and shall, by taking such action as may be required to be 
taken were such successor corporation the Substitute for the purposes of General 
Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor), expressly assume, the due and punctual payment of, in the case of a 
consolidation or merger in respect of the Issuer, the principal and interest and the due 
and punctual delivery of all assets on all the Notes and the performance of the 
Conditions on the part of the Issuer to be performed or observed in the case of a 
consolidation or merger in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor, all amounts due under 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, in respect of the Notes and the 
performance of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee on the part of the CGMHI Guarantor 
to be performed or observed, or, in the case of a consolidation or merger in respect of 
the CGMFL Guarantor, all amounts due under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as 
applicable, in respect of the Notes and the performance of the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee on the part of the CGMFL Guarantor to be performed or observed; and 
(ii) 
if the Notes are listed or traded on any stock exchange, each such stock exchange shall 
have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Notes 
will continue to be listed or traded on such stock exchange. 
For the purposes of the Conditions "Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, 
joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, estate, incorporated organisation or 
government or agency or any political subdivision thereof, and "Subsidiary" means any Person 
of which a majority of the voting power of the outstanding ownership interests (excluding 
ownership interests entitled to voting power only by reason of the happening of a contingency)

--- Page 465 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
465 
 
shall at the time be owned, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, as 
applicable, and/or one or more relevant Subsidiaries. For this purpose, "voting power" means 
power to vote in an ordinary election of directors (or, in the case of a Person that is not a 
corporation, ordinarily to appoint or approve the appointment of Persons holding similar 
positions). 
(b) 
Upon any consolidation with or merger into any other corporation, or any conveyance, transfer 
or lease of the properties and assets of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor substantially as an entirety in accordance with General Condition 14(a) above, the 
successor corporation formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, is merged or to which such conveyance, 
transfer or lease is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right 
and power of, the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, with 
the same effect as if such successor corporation had been named as the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, herein (subject as provided in General 
Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor)), 
and thereafter, except in the case of a lease, the predecessor corporation shall be relieved of all 
obligations and covenants under the Conditions, the Notes, the relevant Deed of Covenant, the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee (in the case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the CGMHI 
Guarantor only), the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee (in the case of a consolidation or merger in 
respect of the CGMFL Guarantor only) and the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
15. 
Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including 
but not limited to this General Condition 15 shall be ignored in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup 
Inc. or CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the 
Conditions including but not limited to this General Condition 15 shall be ignored in relation to Notes 
issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
(a) 
Applicability 
This General Condition 15 applies to a substitution, at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, of Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI or the CGMHI Guarantor or CGMFL or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as applicable, with any company (the "Substitute"), provided that in respect of: 
(i) 
a substitution of Citigroup Inc., and CGMHI and the CGMHI Guarantor, such 
substitution is subject to satisfaction of the conditions for substitution set out in General 
Condition 15(c) (General Conditions for Substitution) below; and  
(ii) 
if "Substitution provisions" are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a substitution of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, such substitution is 
subject to satisfaction of the conditions for substitution set out in General Conditions 
15(b) (Substitution of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor) and 15(c) (General 
Conditions for Substitution) below. 
(b) 
Substitution of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor 
If "Substitution provisions" are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor may, at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
substitute for itself any Substitute, provided that:

--- Page 466 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
466 
 
(i) 
If "Additional Requirements" are specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, on the date of such substitution, the Substitute is, in the opinion of the Issuer 
or the CGMFL Guarantor (as the case may be) being substituted (the "Original 
Entity"), of at least the equivalent standing and creditworthiness to the Original Entity; 
or 
(ii) 
If "Additional Requirements" are specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Additional Requirements are satisfied: 
For the purposes of this General Condition 15(b), "Additional Requirements" means the 
application of each of the following requirements: 
(A) 
save where the Original Entity is subject to legal restructuring (including 
without limitation voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up, 
dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or analogous proceedings), the Original 
Entity shall unconditionally guarantee the fulfilment of the obligations of the 
Substitute arising from the Conditions in relation to the Notes; 
(B) 
if no guarantee by the Original Entity pursuant to (A) above is required, both 
(I) the Substitute is an Affiliate of the Original Entity and (II) the Substitute, 
on the date of such substitution, shall demonstrate a long term credit rating 
from at least one internationally recognised credit rating agency active in the 
international capital markets (including but not limited to the relevant entity 
from the following rating groups: Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors 
Service and Fitch Ratings) which is at least as high as that of the Original 
Entity;  
(C) 
the Original Entity shall provide an indemnity in favour of the Noteholders in 
relation to any additional tax or duties or losses suffered by Noteholders due 
to differences between the regulatory or tax regimes applicable to the Original 
Entity and the Substitute, in each case which arise and become payable solely 
as a result of the substitution of the Original Entity with the Substitute; and 
(D) 
on the date of such substitution there shall be (I) no existing Event of Default; 
or (II) no occurrence of an event which remains in existence on such date 
which, in the absence of the relevant grace period, would otherwise constitute 
an Event of Default, in relation to the Notes. 
(c) 
General Conditions for Substitution 
All of the following requirements must be satisfied before any substitution may take place 
pursuant to this General Condition 15: 
(i) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of necessary consents) to ensure that, in the case of a substitution of the 
Issuer, the Notes and the relevant Deed of Covenant, in the case of a substitution of the 
CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or, in the case of a substitution of 
the CGMFL Guarantor, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, represent legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the Substitute have been taken, fulfilled and done, and 
shall continue in full force and effect; 
(ii) 
the Substitute has become party to the Fiscal Agency Agreement with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it in place of the Issuer,

--- Page 467 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
467 
 
the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, from the date of 
such substitution; 
(iii) 
the Substitute and the Issuer have obtained: 
(A) 
legal opinions from independent legal advisers of recognised standing in the 
country of incorporation of the Substitute and in England, that the obligations 
of the Substitute, under the Notes and the relevant Deed of Covenant, the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as the case 
may be, are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute; 
(B) 
in the case of the substitution of the Issuer which is CGMHI (or any substitute 
thereof), a legal opinion from an independent legal adviser in England, that 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee will apply to the Substitute mutatis mutandis 
as it applies to the Issuer prior to the substitution and will constitute legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor, in respect of the 
Substitute (provided that no opinion as referred to in this sub-paragraph (B) 
shall be required where the Substitute is the CGMHI Guarantor with respect 
to Notes issued by CGMHI); 
(C) 
in the case of the substitution of the Issuer which is CGMFL (or any substitute 
thereof), a legal opinion from an independent legal adviser in England, that 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee will apply to the Substitute mutatis mutandis 
as it applies to the Issuer prior to the substitution and will constitute legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor, in respect of the 
Substitute (provided that no opinion as referred to in this sub-paragraph (C) 
shall be required where the Substitute is the CGMFL Guarantor with respect 
to Notes issued by CGMFL); and 
(D) 
all consents and approvals as required have been obtained and that the 
Substitute and the Notes comply with all applicable requirements of the 
Securities Act;  
(iv) 
such substitution is permitted by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are listed and each such stock exchange has confirmed that, following the proposed 
substitution of the Substitute, the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock 
exchange; 
(v) 
if appropriate, the Substitute has appointed or will appoint a process agent to act as its 
agent in England to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal 
action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes ; 
(vi) 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, has 
given notice of the date of such substitution to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices);  
(vii) 
in the case of Finnish Notes only, confirmation that such substitution is permitted by 
Euroclear Finland; 
(viii) 
in the case of Swedish Notes only, confirmation that such substitution is permitted by 
Euroclear Sweden; and

--- Page 468 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
468 
 
(ix) 
if "Additional French Law Notes Requirements" are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as "Applicable", each of (A) - (C) below (together, the "Additional French 
Law Securities Requirements") are satisfied: 
(A) 
the Substitute has assumed all obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as 
the case may be) or any previous substituted company arising from or in 
connection with the French Law Notes or the Guarantee (as the case may be); 
(B) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) and the Substitute have 
obtained all necessary authorisations and are able to transfer all amounts 
required for the fulfilment of the payment obligations under the French Law 
Notes or the Guarantee (as the case may be) to the relevant Agent (in the 
currency required under the French Law Notes) without being obliged to 
deduct or withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the 
country in which the Substitute or the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may 
be) has its domicile or tax residence; and 
(C) 
(C)the Substitute has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each French 
Noteholder against (I) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge 
imposed on such Noteholder by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction 
of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, 
of its incorporation which would not have been so imposed if the substitution 
had not been made and (II) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, 
any cost or expense in respect of such substitution imposed by the jurisdiction 
of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, 
of its incorporation. 
(d) 
Consequences of Substitution 
(i) 
Upon such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be a 
reference to the Substitute. 
(ii) 
After a substitution pursuant to this General Condition 15, the Substitute may, without 
the consent of any holder, effect a further substitution. The provisions specified in this 
General Condition 17 shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in the Conditions 
to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall, 
where the context so requires, be deemed to be or to include references to any such 
further Substitute. For the avoidance of doubt, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor may be a Substitute for the Issuer and in such cases references to the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Guarantor and 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee should be construed accordingly. 
(iii) 
After a substitution pursuant to this General Condition 15 (including any further 
substitution as contemplated by General Condition 15(d)(ii) above), any Substitute 
may, without the consent of any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(iv) 
For the avoidance of doubt: 
(A) 
CGMHI may (I) be substituted as the Issuer by Citigroup Inc., pursuant to this 
General Condition 15, notwithstanding that it is the CGMHI Guarantor or (II) 
merge or be consolidated into Citigroup Inc. pursuant to General Condition 
14 (Consolidation or Merger), notwithstanding that it is the CGMHI

--- Page 469 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
469 
 
Guarantor without, in either case, there being any breach of the Conditions 
which shall be construed accordingly; or 
(B) 
CGMFL may (I) be substituted as the Issuer by CGML, pursuant to this 
General Condition 15, notwithstanding that it is the CGMFL Guarantor or (II) 
merge or be consolidated into CGML pursuant to General Condition 14 
(Consolidation or Merger), notwithstanding that it is the CGMFL Guarantor 
without, in either case, there being any breach of the Conditions which shall 
be construed accordingly. 
(v) 
Nothing in this General Condition 15 shall prohibit the substitution of the CGMHI 
Guarantor under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the substitution of the CGMFL 
Guarantor under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee by another entity as part of any 
resolution, restructuring, or reorganisation of the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as applicable, upon or following the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as applicable, becoming subject to any receivership, insolvency, 
liquidation, resolution, or similar proceeding. 
(vi) 
For so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange, such stock exchange shall be 
notified of any such consolidation, merger or substitution and the requirements of such 
stock exchange in respect of such consolidation, merger or substitution shall be 
complied with (including any requirement to publish a supplement). 
(vii) 
Upon the substitution of Citigroup Inc., pursuant to this General Condition 15 or 
General Condition 14 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor corporation or 
Substitute, as the case may be, which is organised and existing under the laws of a 
jurisdiction other than the United States (or any other jurisdiction substituted for the 
United States pursuant to the Conditions), references in General Condition 7(a) 
(Taxation) and the definition of "Event of Default" in General Conditions 9(a)(iv) and 
9(a)(v) (Events of Default) to the United States (or such other jurisdiction) and any 
related expressions (as determined by the Issuer), shall, if determined by the Issuer to 
be appropriate to account for such substitution, be replaced with references to the 
jurisdiction under which such successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, 
is organised and existing.  
(viii) 
Upon the substitution of CGMHI or the CGMHI Guarantor, pursuant to this General 
Condition 15 or General Condition 14 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor 
corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, which is organised and existing under 
the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States (or any other jurisdiction 
substituted for the United States pursuant to the Conditions), references in General 
Condition 7(b) (Taxation) and the definition of "Event of Default" in General 
Conditions 9(a)(iv) and 9(a)(v) (Events of Default) to the United States (or such other 
jurisdiction) and any related expressions (as determined by the Issuer), shall, if 
determined by the Issuer to be appropriate to account for such substitution, be replaced 
with references to the jurisdiction under which such successor corporation or 
Substitute, as the case may be, is organised and existing.  
(ix) 
Upon the substitution of CGMFL, pursuant to this General Condition 15 or General 
Condition 14 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor corporation or Substitute, 
as the case may be, which is organised and existing under the laws of a jurisdiction 
other than Luxembourg (or any jurisdiction substituted for Luxembourg pursuant to 
the Conditions):

--- Page 470 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
470 
 
(A) 
references in General Condition 7(c) (Taxation) to Luxembourg (or such 
other jurisdiction) and any related expressions (as determined by the Issuer) 
shall, if determined by the Issuer to be appropriate to account for such 
substitution, be replaced with references to the jurisdiction under which such 
successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is organised and 
existing; and  
(B) 
the following words shall be added to the end of paragraph (vi)(A) of the 
definition of "Event of Default" in General Condition 9(a) (Events of Default) 
immediately following the words "or other similar arrangement": 
", or, if the Issuer is not organised and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, 
any event occurs which under the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer 
is organised and existing has an analogous effect to any of the events referred 
to above in this definition". 
(x) 
Upon the substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor, pursuant to this General Condition 15 
or General Condition 14 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor corporation 
or Substitute, as the case may be, which is organised and existing under the laws of a 
jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom (or any jurisdiction substituted for the 
United Kingdom pursuant to the Conditions), references in General Condition 7(c) 
(Taxation) and the definition of "Event of Default" in General Conditions 9(a)(vi)(B) 
and 9(a)(vi)(C) (Events of Default) to the United Kingdom (or such other jurisdiction) 
and any related expressions (as determined by the Issuer) shall, if determined by the 
Issuer to be appropriate to account for such substitution, be replaced with references 
to the jurisdiction under which such successor corporation or Substitute, as the case 
may be, is organised and existing.  
(xi) 
For the purposes of this General Condition 15 and article 1275 of the Luxembourg 
civil code, the Noteholders, by subscribing for, or otherwise acquiring the Notes, are 
expressly deemed to have consented to any substitution of CGMFL effected in 
accordance with this General Condition 15 and to the release of CGMFL from any and 
all obligations in respect of the Notes. 
(xii) 
On the substitution of any successor corporation or Substitute, amendments may be 
made to the Conditions to reflect the regulatory position of such successor corporation 
or Substitute, including without limitation, to reflect the requirements of the BRRD or 
the U.S. Special Resolution Regime. 
16. 
Redenomination 
If Redenomination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Noteholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the 
Noteholders, the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents, designate a Redenomination Date, being 
a date (which in the case of interest-bearing Notes shall be a date for payment of interest under 
the Notes) falling on or after the date on which the country of the relevant Settlement Currency 
specified adopts the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
With effect from the Redenomination Date, notwithstanding the other provisions of the 
Conditions:

--- Page 471 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
471 
 
(a) 
each Specified Denomination will be deemed to be denominated in such amount of Euro as is 
equivalent to its denomination so specified in the relevant Settlement Currency at the 
Established Rate, rounded down to the nearest Euro 0.01; 
(b) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, other than payments of 
interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, will be made solely 
in Euro as though references in the Notes to the relevant Settlement Currency were to Euro. 
Payments will be made in Euro by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other account to 
which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee; and 
(c) 
such other changes shall be made to the Conditions as the Issuer may decide, with the agreement 
of Fiscal Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, to conform them to conventions then 
applicable to Notes denominated in Euro including but not limited to where the Notes are in 
global form. Any such other changes will not take effect until after they have been notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). 
As used in the Conditions: 
"Established Rate" means the rate for conversion of the Settlement Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into Euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 
of the Treaty. 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest-bearing Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the Notes or (in the case of non-interest-bearing Notes) any date, in each case 
specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to General Condition 13 
(Notices) and which falls on or after such date as when the country of the Settlement Currency 
participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Registrar, the Fiscal 
Agent and any other Paying Agent will be liable to any Noteholder or other person for any 
commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of 
Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
Determinations by the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent pursuant to this General Condition 16 will, in 
the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable), the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Noteholders. 
17. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
(i) 
English Law Notes 
The English Law Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. Notwithstanding this:  
(A) 
the registration and transfer of Finnish Notes in Euroclear Finland's system 
for the registration of financial instruments shall be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Finnish law.

--- Page 472 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
472 
 
(B) 
the registration of the Swedish Notes in Euroclear Sweden's system for the 
registration of financial instruments shall be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Swedish law.  
(ii) 
New York Law Notes 
The New York Law Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with 
the law of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law.  
(iii) 
French Law Notes 
The French Law Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
French law. 
The French Cleared Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. Notwithstanding this, the registration of the French Cleared Notes in 
Euroclear France's system for the registration of financial instruments shall be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect of French Law 
Notes issued by CGMHI (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of 
whatever nature (whether contractual, non-contractual or otherwise) arising out of or 
in any way relating to the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or its formation) shall be 
governed by English law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and the All Monies 
Guarantee, as applicable, in respect of French Law Notes issued by CGMFL (and any 
dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature (whether contractual, 
non-contractual or otherwise) arising out of or in any way relating to the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee, the All Monies Guarantee or its formation) shall be governed by English 
law. 
(iv) 
General 
In relation to each Series of Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement in respect of such 
Series and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
agreement shall be governed by the governing law of such Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where CGMFL is the Issuer, Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of 
the Companies Act 1915, are hereby excluded. In addition, no Noteholder may initiate 
proceedings against CGMFL based on article 470-21 of the Companies Act 1915. 
(b) 
Submission to Jurisdiction  
(i) 
English Law Notes 
In respect of English Law Notes, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with such Notes, including any dispute as 
to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual

--- Page 473 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
473 
 
obligations arising out of or in connection with such Notes (a "Dispute") and all 
Disputes will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
In respect of English Law Notes, each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Noteholders 
irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts and each of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and any Noteholders taking proceedings in relation to any 
Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(ii) 
New York Law Notes 
In respect of New York Law Notes, each of the Noteholders, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor hereby consent to the jurisdiction of a state or federal court situated in New 
York City, New York in connection with any dispute arising out of or in connection 
with New York Law Notes. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor irrevocably waives, 
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which it may now or 
hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court 
and any claim that such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an 
inconvenient forum.  
(iii) 
French Law Notes 
In respect of French Law Notes only, the Paris courts have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes, including any Dispute 
and all Disputes will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Paris courts. 
Each of the Issuer and any Noteholders irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the Paris courts and each of the Issuer and any Noteholders taking proceedings in 
relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the Paris courts on the grounds that 
they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
Service of Process in respect of English Law Notes 
In respect of English Law Notes, each Issuer irrevocably appoints Citibank Europe plc, UK 
branch of Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom 
(correspondence to be marked for the attention of the Company Secretary) as its agent for 
service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and 
agrees that, in the event of Citibank Europe plc, UK branch being unable or unwilling for any 
reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Dispute and shall immediately notify holders of Notes of such 
appointment in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). The Issuer agrees that failure 
by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall 
affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.  
For the avoidance of doubt, this General Condition 17(c) shall not apply in respect of New York 
Law Notes. 
In respect of French Law Notes only, an agent for service of process in any proceedings before 
the Paris courts may be appointed through an "election de domicile" in France as provided by 
French law. Nothing in this General Condition 17(c) shall affect the right to serve process in 
any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 474 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
474 
 
18. 
Third Parties and Waiver of Trial by Jury 
(a) 
Rights of Third Parties 
In respect of English Law Notes, such Notes confer no right under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of such Notes, but this does not affect any right or 
remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from that Act. This General Condition 
18(a) is not applicable to New York Law Notes and French Law Notes. 
(b) 
For the sole benefit of Noteholders of New York Law Notes; no third-party beneficiaries 
In respect of New York Law Notes, nothing in the Conditions, expressed or implied, shall give 
or be construed to give to any person, firm or corporation, other than the holders, any legal or 
equitable right, remedy or claim under the Conditions, the Conditions being for the sole benefit 
of the holders. There shall not be any third-party beneficiaries of the Conditions in respect of 
New York Law Notes. 
(c) 
Waiver of any rights to a trial by jury 
EACH 
NOTEHOLDER 
HEREBY 
KNOWINGLY, 
VOLUNTARILY 
AND 
INTENTIONALLY WAIVES (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW) 
ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION 
BASED THEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE 
NOTES OR ANY OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, 
COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN), OR 
ACTIONS OF THE NOTEHOLDERS. 
19. 
Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 19 ONLY APPLIES TO NOTES OTHER THAN NEW 
YORK LAW NOTES: 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and in respect of Notes other than New York 
Law Notes only: 
(i) 
in the event the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as 
applicable, becomes subject to a proceeding under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act 
or Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (each, 
a "U.S. Special Resolution Regime"), the transfer of the Notes (where the Notes are 
Covered Instruments) and/or (in the case of Covered Instruments issued by CGMHI) 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or (in the case of Covered Instruments issued by 
CGMFL) the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee (together, the "Relevant Agreements") (and 
the transfer of any interest and obligation in or under the Relevant Agreements)  from 
the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, will be 
effective to the same extent as the relevant transfer would be effective under such U.S. 
Special Resolution Regime if the Relevant Agreements, and any interest and obligation 
in or under the Relevant Agreements, were governed by the laws of the United States 
or a state of the United States; and  
(ii) 
in the event the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, or 
any of their respective affiliates (as such term is defined in, and shall be interpreted in 
accordance with, 12 United States Code ("U.S.C.") 1841(k)) becomes subject to a 
proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, default rights against the relevant

--- Page 475 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
475 
 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor with respect to the Relevant 
Agreements are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such default rights 
could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Relevant 
Agreements were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United 
States. For purposes of this paragraph "default right" has the meaning assigned to that 
term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with 12 Code of Federal Regulation 
("C.F.R.") 252.81, 12 C.F.R. 382.1 and 12 C.F.R. 47.1, as applicable, and "Covered 
Instrument" refers to any Note that falls within the definition of a "qualified financial 
contract" as such term is defined in, and as interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 
5390(c)(8)(D). 
20. 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or 
any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
"control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Business Centre specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and if "Business Centre" is specified to be or to include: (a) "U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day", then "Business Day" shall also be any day except a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities; or (b) T2, then "Business Day" shall also be a day on which T2 is open; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Settlement Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Settlement 
Currency (if other than any Business Centre and which if the Settlement Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) 
or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or any successor or 
replacement for that system ("T2") is open. 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Euro-zone" means the member states of the European Union that are participating in the third 
stage of Economic and Monetary Union. 
"Instalment Amount" means, subject as provided in the case of Credit Linked Notes in the 
Credit Linked Conditions, in respect of a Note and an Instalment Date, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
the amount determined in accordance with the formula or method for determining such amount 
specified therein.

--- Page 476 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
476 
 
"Instalment Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Maturity Date" means subject as provided, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, in the Credit 
Linked Conditions or, in the case of Index Skew Notes, in the Index Skew Conditions, the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Relevant Due Date" means, in respect of any Note, the date on which payment in respect of 
it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) 
the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date 
seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Note being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be 
made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Settlement Currency" means, in respect of an Issue of Notes, the currency specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated. 
"sub unit" means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
Euro, one cent. 
"T2 Business Day" means a day on which T2 is operating. 
21. 
Italian Listed Certificates 
(a) 
Maturity Date 
Where the Notes are Italian Listed Certificates then, notwithstanding any other provision of the 
Conditions, such Notes shall be deemed to be automatically exercised on the Expiry Date (Data 
di Scadenza) specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Expiry Date"). The minimum 
number of Italian Listed Certificates that may be exercised in respect of a noteholder is one (1) 
Italian Listed Certificate or multiples in excess thereof. 
(b) 
Transfer 
The Italian Listed Certificates shall be transferred in lots at least equal to the Minimum Trading 
Lot, as defined by the listing rules of the market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A., or multiples thereof, as determined by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and held through the relevant clearing system. Transfers may be effected 
only upon registration of the transfer in the books of the relevant clearing system. 
(c) 
Record Date 
In the case of Italian Listed Certificates, the Record Date will be fixed in accordance with the 
rules of Borsa Italiana and any relevant guidelines and will be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(d) 
Notices 
In the case of the Italian Listed Certificates and in addition to the requirements set out in General 
Condition 13 (Notices), if and so long as the rules of Borsa Italiana S.p.A so require, any notice

--- Page 477 ---
General Conditions of the Notes 
 
477 
 
to the Noteholders will be published by delivering such notice to Borsa Italiana S.p.A. to be 
published on www.borsaitaliana.it or otherwise in accordance with the relevant rules of Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A., guidelines and market practice. 
(e) 
Substitution of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
In case of Italian Listed Certificates and notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, 
in addition to the requirements of General Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor), on a substitution of (i) in the case of Notes issued by 
Citigroup Inc., the Issuer or (ii) in the case of Notes issued by CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor 
or (iii) in the case of Notes issued by CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, the obligations of the 
substitute in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by (x) in 
the case of a substitution of Citigroup Inc., acting as Issuer, Citigroup Inc. or (y) in the case of 
a substitution of the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMHI Guarantor or (z) in the case of a 
substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor (as original obligor in respect of 
such Notes).

--- Page 478 ---
Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
478 
 
SECTION H.2 – SCHEDULES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
NOTES

--- Page 479 ---
Underlying Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions) 
 
479 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 (INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS) 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"Inflation Index". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Notes linked to Inflation Indices. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Cut-off Date" means, in respect of a Payment Date, the day which is five Business Days prior 
to such Payment Date. 
"DIR Inflation Linked Notes" are Notes (i) which either bear interest payable at, or calculated 
by reference to, a rate determined by reference to movements in an inflation index and the 
specific interest payment date to allow interpolation between the two monthly fixings ("DIR 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes"), and/or (ii) in respect of which the amount payable at 
maturity is calculated by reference to movements in an inflation index. 
"Fallback Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, if "Fallback Bond" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) the bond specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or (b) if no such bond is specified, a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued 
by the government of the country to whose level of inflation such Inflation Index relates and 
which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to such Inflation 
Index, with a scheduled maturity date which falls on (i) the same day as the Maturity Date; (ii) 
the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no such bond maturing on the 
Maturity Date; or (iii) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date if no bond described 
in (i) or (ii) above is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to the level 
of inflation across the European Monetary Union ("EMU"), then the Calculation Agent will 
select an inflation-linked bond which is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not 
any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays interest or 
redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the EMU. In 
each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds 
issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing 
on the same date, then the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those 
bonds. If the Fallback Bond in respect of an Inflation Index redeems, then the Calculation Agent 
will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue 
at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed 
bond is exchanged). 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the corporation or other entity which 
(a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculation 
and adjustments, if any, related to such Inflation Index; and (b) announces (directly or through 
an agent) the level of such Inflation Index. 
"Inflation Index" means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
any Successor Index. 
"Inflation Rate Notes" are Notes which either bear interest payable at, or calculated by 
reference to, a rate determined by reference to movements in an inflation index.

--- Page 480 ---
Underlying Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions) 
 
480 
 
"Increased Cost of Index Event" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, that the relevant 
Index Sponsor imposes on the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates increased or unexpected fees 
and costs for the use of such Inflation Index, which the Calculation Agent determines are 
material. 
"Manifest Error Cut-off Date" means, in respect of a Payment Date, two Business Days prior 
to such Payment Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Payment Date" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the Interest Payment Date, the Maturity 
Date or other date to which such Valuation Date relates. 
"Reference Month" means, in respect of an Inflation Index and a Valuation Date, each month 
specified as such for such Valuation Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Revision Cut-off Date" means, in respect of a Payment Date, two Business Days prior to such 
Payment Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a Valuation Date and a 
related Reference Month, the level of such Inflation Index in respect of such Reference Month, 
as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time and Underlying Level shall not apply to an Inflation Index. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
(a) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of an Inflation Index on a Valuation Date 
Any Specified Valuation Date shall not be adjusted in relation to an Inflation Index and the 
Substitute Index Level provisions set out below shall apply thereto. The provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
shall only apply in relation to Underlying(s) which are not Inflation Indices (if any). 
(b) 
Substitute Index Level 
(i) 
Inflation Rate Notes 
This paragraph (i) only applies in relation to Inflation Rate Notes. 
If an Underlying Closing Level for a Reference Month has not been published or 
announced by the Cut-off Date for the relevant Payment Date, then the Calculation 
Agent shall, subject to any provisions specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
determine a substitute index level (the "Substitute Index Level") by using the 
following methodology: 
(A) 
if Fallback Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Agent will take the same action to determine the Substitute Index 
Level for the affected Reference Month as that taken by the relevant 
calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of any relevant 
Fallback Bond; and

--- Page 481 ---
Underlying Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions) 
 
481 
 
(B) 
if there is no Fallback Bond or sub-paragraph (A) does not result in a 
Substitute Index Level for the relevant Reference Month for any reason, then 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Substitute Index Level in 
accordance with the formula set out below: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x ൬
Latest Level
Reference Level൰ 
Where: 
"Base Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by 
the relevant Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar 
months prior to the Reference Month for which the Substitute Index Level is 
being determined; 
"Latest Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by 
the relevant Index Sponsor prior to the Reference Month in respect of which 
the Substitute Index Level is being determined; 
"Reference Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by 
the relevant Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar 
months prior to the Reference Month referred to in the definition for "Latest 
Level" above; and 
(C) 
if the Underlying Closing Level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month 
is published or announced at any time after the Cut-off Date for the relevant 
Payment Date, then such Underlying Closing Level will not be used in any 
calculation. The Substitute Index Level determined pursuant to this Inflation 
Index Condition 3 will be the Underlying Closing Level in respect of the 
relevant Reference Month. 
(ii) 
DIR Inflation Linked Notes 
This paragraph (ii) only applies in relation to DIR Inflation Linked Notes. 
If an Underlying Closing Level for a Reference Month has not been published or 
announced by the Cut-off Date for the relevant Payment Date, then the Calculation 
Agent shall, subject to any provisions specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
determine a substitute index level (the "Substitute Index Level") by using the 
following methodology: 
(A) 
if Fallback Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Agent will take the same action to determine the Substitute Index 
Level for the affected Reference Month as that taken by the relevant 
calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of any relevant 
Fallback Bond; and

--- Page 482 ---
Underlying Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions) 
 
482 
 
(B) 
if there is no Fallback Bond or sub-paragraph (i) does not result in a Substitute 
Index Level for the relevant Reference Month for any reason, then the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Substitute Index Level as follows: 
(1) 
in the definition of DIR Index, if the Underlying Closing Level of 
the specified Inflation Index is not available for either Index Month 
A or Index Month B (both as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms), the DIR Index Figure applicable to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date will be the Latest Level, where 
"Latest Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest 
level of such Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimate) 
published or announced by the relevant Index Sponsor; 
(2) 
in the definition of DIR Index, if the Underlying Closing Level of 
the specified Inflation Index is not available for both Index Month A 
and Index Month B, then Inflation Index Condition 6(d) 
(Substitution of an Inflation Index) will apply. 
(C) 
if the Underlying Closing Level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month 
is published or announced at any time after the Cut-off Date for the relevant 
Payment Date, then such Underlying Closing Level will not be used in any 
calculation. The Substitute Index Level determined pursuant to this Inflation 
Index Condition 3 will be the Underlying Closing Level in respect of the 
relevant Reference Month. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of an Inflation Index if this 
Inflation Index Condition 4 is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: the 
occurrence at any time of an Increased Cost of Index Event. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Events shall apply in respect of an Inflation Index: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent determines that no Successor Index can be determined under Inflation 
Index Condition 6(d) (Substitution of an Inflation Index); and/or 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably be made under Inflation 
Index Condition 6(e) (Modification of an Inflation Index). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(j) (Correction of published or 
announced prices or levels) shall not apply in respect of an Inflation Index. 
(b) 
Revision of the level of an Inflation Index 
The operation of this Inflation Index Condition 6(b) is subject as provided in Inflation Index 
Condition 6(c) (Correction of a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index) below.

--- Page 483 ---
Underlying Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions) 
 
483 
 
If "Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the first publication and announcement of an Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation Index, 
or any revision to such Underlying Closing Level made no later than the relevant Revision Cut-
off Date, shall be final and conclusive. 
If "No Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the first publication and announcement of an Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation 
Index shall be final and conclusive, and any later revision to such Underlying Closing Level 
will not be used in any calculation. 
If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" is elected in the applicable Issue Terms, then "No 
Revision" shall be deemed to apply. 
(c) 
Correction of a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor of an Inflation Index has corrected 
an Underlying Closing Level for such Inflation Index to correct a manifest error no later than 
the earlier to occur of (i) the relevant Manifest Error Cut-off Date; and (ii) 30 calendar days 
following the first publication and announcement of such Underlying Closing Level, then the 
Calculation Agent may use such corrected Underlying Closing Level for the purposes of any 
calculation in respect of any relevant Valuation Date. Any correction to an Underlying Closing 
Level of such Inflation Index published after the relevant Manifest Error Cut-off Date will not 
be used in any calculation in respect of any relevant Valuation Date. In the event of any 
inconsistency (as determined by the Calculation Agent) between this Inflation Index Condition 
6(c) and Inflation Index Condition 6(b) (Revision of the level of an Inflation Index), the 
operation of this Inflation Index Condition 6(c) shall prevail. 
(d) 
Substitution of an Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that either (i) a level for an Inflation Index has not been 
published or announced for two consecutive months; and/or (ii) the Index Sponsor announces 
that it will no longer continue to publish or announce such Inflation Index; and/or (iii) the Index 
Sponsor cancels such Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent may replace such Inflation 
Index with a successor index (a "Successor Index") by using the following methodology: 
(i) 
if at any time a successor index has been designated in respect of an Inflation Index by 
the calculation agent under any relevant Fallback Bond pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of such Fallback Bond, then such successor index may be designated a 
"Successor Index" for such Inflation Index for the purposes of all subsequent Valuation 
Dates, notwithstanding that any other Successor Index may previously have been 
determined under sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii); 
(ii) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined under sub-paragraph (i) and a notice has 
been given or an announcement has been made by the relevant Index Sponsor, 
specifying that such Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement inflation 
index specified by the relevant Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines 
that such replacement inflation index is calculated using the same or substantially 
similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously 
applicable Inflation Index, then such replacement index shall be such Inflation Index 
for purposes of the Notes from the date that such replacement Inflation Index comes 
into effect;

--- Page 484 ---
Underlying Schedule 1 (Inflation Index Conditions) 
 
484 
 
(iii) 
if no Successor Index has been determined under sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) by the fifth 
Business Day prior to the Cut-off Date in respect of the next following Payment Date, 
then the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index and such 
index will be deemed a "Successor Index". 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with the above, the Calculation Agent may 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or 
appropriate to account for the effect of such replacement in order to preserve the original 
economic rationale and objectives of the Notes and determine the effective date(s) of the 
adjustment(s) to the Notes. 
If no Successor Index can be determined pursuant to the above, an Additional Early Redemption 
Event shall be deemed to have occurred and the provisions of Inflation Index Condition 5 
(Additional Early Redemption Events) shall apply. 
(e) 
Modification of an Inflation Index 
If, on or prior to any Cut-off Date in respect of a Payment Date, an Index Sponsor announces 
that it will make a material change to an Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall make 
such adjustments to the Conditions (i) (if a Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation 
Index) as are consistent with any adjustment made to the relevant Fallback Bond; or (ii) (if no 
Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index) as are necessary for such modified 
Inflation Index to continue as an Inflation Index. 
If no such adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to the above, an Additional Early 
Redemption Event shall be deemed to have occurred and the provisions of Inflation Index 
Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) shall apply. 
(f) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index  
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, then the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for the purposes 
of determining any Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation Index from the date of such 
rebasing. 
If a Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall 
make such adjustments to the levels of such Rebased Index as are made pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Fallback Bond, so that the levels of such Rebased Index reflect 
the same rate of inflation as the relevant Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
If no Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent 
shall make such adjustments to the levels of such Rebased Index, so that the levels of such 
Rebased Index reflect the same rate of inflation as the relevant Inflation Index before it was 
rebased. 
In each case, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as 
the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such 
rebasing in order to preserve the original economic rationale and objectives of the Notes and 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Notes. 
Any such rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made under the Notes.

--- Page 485 ---
Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions ) 
 
485 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 (RATE CONDITIONS) 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Rate". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Notes linked to Rates. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Disrupted Day" shall have the meaning given to it in Rate Condition 3 (Disruption to 
Valuation). 
"Rate" means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Rate Condition" means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" shall, in respect of a Rate, have the meaning given to it for such 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms.  
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Rate and a Valuation Date, the interest rate 
(expressed as a percentage) specified to be such Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where 
applicable) on such Valuation Date, which appears on the applicable Electronic Page as of the 
Valuation Time. For the avoidance of doubt, a Rate will be determined as of the Valuation Time 
which may not be the "closing time" and a Rate may only be determined once on any Scheduled 
Trading Day.  
(b) 
Intraday Valuations 
Underlying Level does not apply to an Underlying that is a Rate. 
(c) 
Valuation Time 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Rate, the time specified for such Rate in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
3. 
Disruption to valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate on 
which the Electronic Page is not available or the percentage rate of such Rate for such Scheduled 
Trading Day does not appear on the Electronic Page and/or the Rate is not provided or published 
by the relevant administrator or a relevant authorised distributor and/or a component of the 
relevant Rate is not provided or published.

--- Page 486 ---
Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions ) 
 
486 
 
4. 
Additional provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Unless "Correction Provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(j) (Correction of published or announced 
prices or levels) do not apply in respect of a Rate. 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Day 
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) is not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Rate then, if neither 
"Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" nor "Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day" is 
specified in respect of such Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, then the provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
apply in respect of that Rate; or 
(i) 
if "Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" is specified for such Rate in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day falling first preceding 
such Specified Valuation Date, unless such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, 
in which case Rate Condition 4(c) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of 
a Rate on a Disrupted Day) shall apply; or 
(ii) 
if "Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day" is specified for such Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately succeeding such Specified Valuation Date, unless such day would fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled 
Trading Day falling first preceding such Specified Valuation Date, unless, in either 
such case, such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, in which case Rate 
Condition 4(c) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on a 
Disrupted Day) shall apply.  
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Scheduled Trading Days and "Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" or "Modified Following 
Scheduled Trading Day" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of a Rate, then the 
adjustment provisions relating to Preceding Scheduled Trading Day or, as the case may be, 
Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day prevail and Valuation and Settlement Condition 
1(c)(ii) shall be construed so as not to apply to such Rate and consequently all reference to "for 
all of the Underlyings" and "for any of the Underlyings" in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
1(c)(ii) shall be construed not to include any such Rate. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on a Disrupted Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) do not apply in respect of a Rate. 
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) or, as the case may be, Rate Condition 4(b) (Scheduled Trading Day) above) is a 
Disrupted Day for a Rate, then subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 
and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) shall determine the Underlying Closing Level of such Rate 
for the Valuation Date at such time as it deems appropriate and in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and

--- Page 487 ---
Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions ) 
 
487 
 
any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards 
in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). For the avoidance 
of doubt and without limitation, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
may determine the relevant Underlying Closing Level for such Valuation Date by reference to 
one of the following: 
(i) 
the Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) published on the 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day on a different screen page by another authorised 
distributor of the relevant Rate; 
(ii) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the relevant Rate or the 
supervisor or competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any such 
entity) responsible for supervising the relevant Rate or the administrator thereof; or 
(iii) 
the Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) last provided or 
published by the relevant administrator; or 
(iv) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) on a date determined by the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) for a representative amount 
(and, where relevant with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market) 
and, if applicable, for a term equal to the designated maturity, calculated in the manner 
determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable). 
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Disrupted Days, then the adjustment provisions above prevail and reference to "for all of the 
Underlyings" in Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall be construed not to include any 
Underlying that is a Rate. 
(d) 
Cut off Valuation Date 
If the Valuation Date for a Rate determined as provided above would otherwise fall on a day 
falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate prior to the date on which a 
relevant payment is scheduled to be made under the Notes (the "Cut off Valuation Date"), such 
Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the Cut off Valuation Date (notwithstanding that such 
date either (A) is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate; or (B) is a Disrupted Day for such 
Rate) and the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(e)(ii) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply 
in respect thereof.

--- Page 488 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
488 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 (CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS) 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to Notes which are specified to be Credit Linked Notes in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
PART A: INTRODUCTION TO THE CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE 
ENTITY)  
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
For the avoidance of doubt, this introduction to the Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
Frequently Asked Questions (including the worked examples set out in the Annex (Worked Examples in 
respect of Credit Linked Notes (2014 Reference Entity)) to this Part A) shall not form part of the Credit 
Linked Conditions. 
The questions and answers set out below and the worked examples set out in the Annex (Worked 
Examples in respect of Credit Linked Notes (2014 Reference Entity)) to this Part A highlight selected 
information and provide practical examples to help prospective investors understand the Credit Linked 
Notes. However, any decision to invest in the Credit Linked Notes should only be made after careful 
consideration of the Base Prospectus and the relevant General Conditions in their entirety, particularly 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes set out in the Credit Linked Conditions (2014 
Reference Entity), as completed by the relevant Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or 
supplemented by the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable. This section should be treated as an 
introduction to certain terms of the Credit Linked Notes. It is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a 
summary of, the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Unless otherwise defined in the Base Prospectus, capitalised terms in relation to the following questions 
and answers shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference 
Entity). 
INTRODUCTION TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
What are Credit Linked Notes? 
Credit Linked Notes are debt securities, the value of which is linked to the credit risk of one or more 
Reference Entities. The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which investors will receive on 
the Credit Linked Notes is dependent on whether certain Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, 
occur in respect of any relevant Reference Entity to which the Credit Linked Notes are linked.  
In purchasing the Credit Linked Notes, investors are assuming credit risk exposure to each Reference 
Entity (and possible successors thereof). A Credit Linked Note is broadly intended to give the investor 
access to a credit default swap referencing certain Reference Entit(y)(ies) in funded format. Therefore, 
many of the features and risks applicable to a market standard credit default swap referencing the relevant 
Reference Entit(y)(ies) will be equally applicable to the Credit Linked Notes. 
By investing in the Credit Linked Notes, the investor will be a seller of credit protection (and hence a 
buyer of credit risk), while the Issuer will be a buyer of credit protection (and therefore a seller of credit 
risk). 
What is credit risk? 
Credit risk with respect to a Reference Entity is the risk that the Reference Entity fails to perform its 
obligations under certain borrowed money, bond or loan (as applicable) obligations, a specified reference

--- Page 489 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
489 
 
obligation of the Reference Entity or the risk that the Reference Entity enters into bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceedings. Borrowed money obligations include any incurred loan obligations of the 
Reference Entity, obligations under any debt securities issued by the Reference Entity and certain 
qualifying guarantees of the Reference Entity related to such borrowed money obligations. In addition, 
failure to perform with respect to certain specified reference obligations will also be captured.  
The failure of the Reference Entity to perform its obligations is generally (but not exclusively) as a result 
of a deterioration of its financial condition. 
The financial condition and creditworthiness of a Reference Entity may change over time. Public 
information which is available in relation to a Reference Entity may be incomplete, misleading or out of 
date. The identity of each Reference Entity is subject to change as a result of successions where there are 
debt transfers or where another entity issues bonds or incurs a loan obligation in exchange for bonds or 
loans of the Reference Entity. The risks associated with a successor Reference Entity may be greater than 
the risks associated with the original Reference Entity. 
If the Credit Linked Notes are linked to multiple Reference Entities, the probability that a Credit Event 
will occur may be increased. The credit risk to investors may further be increased if the Reference Entities 
are concentrated in a particular industry sector or geographic area, or if they have exposure to similar 
financial or other risks. 
What is the difference between the Credit Linked Notes and an ordinary debt security? 
Credit Linked Notes are similar to an ordinary debt security in that they provide the investor with a 
regular stream of interest payments, if applicable, and the return of par or a premium (in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes that are Zero Coupon Notes) on maturity in the ordinary course. However, Credit 
Linked Notes have the added feature not present in ordinary debt securities of an exposure to the credit 
of one or more Reference Entities. If a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, occurs in relation to 
the relevant Reference Entity, an investor may lose all or part of its investment in the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
What is the difference between Credit Linked Notes and a bond issued by the Reference Entity? 
Credit Linked Notes give an investor exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entity without having 
to own a bond, loan or other type of borrowed money obligation of such Reference Entity. The Reference 
Entity itself is not a party to and has no direct involvement in the Credit Linked Notes and an investor 
will not be able to claim against the Reference Entity or Issuer for any losses it suffers from a Credit 
Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity. The investor will also not 
have any interest in, or rights under, any obligation of such Reference Entity. An investment in Credit 
Linked Notes is not equivalent to an investment in the obligations of a Reference Entity.  
The Issuer is not obliged to hold any obligation of the Reference Entity or otherwise have credit risk 
exposure to the Reference Entity. In addition to the credit risk of the relevant Reference Entity to which 
the Credit Linked Notes are linked, an investor will also be exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and/or 
Guarantor, as applicable. Therefore, even if the Reference Entity is performing well, an investor may 
still suffer a loss if the Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's, as applicable, creditworthiness declines.

--- Page 490 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
490 
 
How do changes in share prices of any Reference Entity affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes? 
Taking credit risk on the Reference Entity by purchasing Credit Linked Notes is different from taking 
equity risk by investing in shares of the Reference Entity. There are a number of reasons for this. For 
example: 
(a) 
the Credit Linked Notes reference borrowed money obligations of the Reference Entity or 
specified guarantees of the Reference Entity in respect of borrowed money obligations, and a 
Reference Entity must generally pay amounts due to the creditors on these debt obligations 
before paying dividends or capital to shareholders; 
(b) 
the obligations of the Reference Entity referenced by the Credit Linked Notes consist of 
borrowed money obligations or specified guarantees of the Reference Entity in respect of 
borrowed money obligations; holders of this type of debt will generally rank ahead of holders 
of ordinary shares in the insolvency of a Reference Entity, and so may have (but are not 
guaranteed) a higher rate of recovery of moneys due to them; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes reference these borrowed money obligations and accordingly, the 
market value of the Credit Linked Notes is related to (although not necessarily equal to) the 
value of these borrowed money obligations; and 
(d) 
there is no direct link between share prices and the value of the Credit Linked Notes. 
However, in some circumstances, change in the share price of the Reference Entity may result in or from, 
at a general level, a change in the market value of its debt and vice versa. 
KEY REGULATORY CONCEPTS RELEVANT TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
What is ISDA? 
The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") is a trade organisation of 
participants in the market for over-the-counter derivatives. It is headquartered in New York, and is 
responsible for creating standardised contracts such as the ISDA Master Agreement and the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions and a wide range of related documentation, that are used to enter into 
derivatives transactions. Definitions, confirmations and other documents and information published by 
ISDA are available on ISDA's website: https://www.isda.org/. Certain publications are available free of 
charge while others are available to subscribers of the website only. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, ISDA has over 900 member institutions from over 70 countries. 
These members include a broad range of over-the-counter derivatives market participants.  
What is a Credit Event? 
A Credit Event is, broadly speaking, an event which may be, but is not necessarily, regarded as being 
indicative of a default or material decline in the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity, which also 
includes bankruptcy in the case of a corporate Reference Entity. 
Credit Events are determined by reference to, in the context of a bankruptcy, the relevant Reference 
Entity itself and, in other cases, certain eligible types of obligations of such Reference Entity (including 
certain qualifying guarantees of the Reference Entity in relation to such obligations) which, in relation 
to the Credit Linked Notes, include loans, debt securities or other borrowed money obligations of the 
Reference Entity or specified reference obligations ("Obligations").

--- Page 491 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
491 
 
The Credit Events relevant to the Credit Linked Notes are any of the following events with respect to the 
Reference Entity, which will apply to a Credit Linked Note if specified or elected by reference to a 
specified transaction type in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
Failure to Pay: a failure by the Reference Entity to pay amounts when due under its Obligations 
(after the expiry of any applicable grace period), where the failure to pay relates to an amount 
greater than a pre-determined minimum amount and where the "2019 NTCE Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)" and "Credit Deterioration 
Requirement" are applicable, the failure to pay results from a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness of the Reference Entity; 
(b) 
Bankruptcy: a bankruptcy or insolvency procedure in respect of the Reference Entity; 
(c) 
Restructuring: a restructuring of an Obligation of the Reference Entity which amends key terms 
of that Obligation as to reduction in repayment of principal or payment of interest thereunder, 
postponement in the payment of principal or interest, the changes in the ranking of the 
instrument causing subordination or resulting in redenomination into certain hard currencies in 
a form that binds all holders of the obligation and such event is not expressly provided for in 
the terms of the instrument where the event results from, directly or indirectly, a deterioration 
in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Obligation Acceleration: the acceleration of an Obligation of the Reference Entity before it 
would otherwise be due and payable in respect of a pre-determined minimum amount; 
(e) 
Obligation Default: an Obligation of the Reference Entity in respect of a pre-determined 
minimum amount becomes capable of being declared due and payable before it would otherwise 
be due and payable; 
(f) 
Repudiation/Moratorium: the Reference Entity repudiates an Obligation in respect of a pre-
determined minimum amount or imposes a moratorium in respect of an Obligation in respect of 
such minimum amount and a failure to pay or a restructuring under such obligation subsequently 
occurs within a specified time period, without regard to any pre-determined amount; or 
(g) 
Governmental Intervention: an event which would result in the reduction or postponement of 
payment of principal or interest or change in ranking of priority in the instrument causing 
subordination, an expropriation of or the mandatory cancellation of an Obligation as the result 
of an action taken or announcement made by a Governmental Authority in a form which is 
binding regardless of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of the 
instrument. This event is applicable only where each of "Financial Reference Entity" terms and 
"2014 Reference Entity" are stated to be applicable in the Issue Terms. 
What Credit Events apply to the Credit Linked Notes? 
In respect of each issue of Credit Linked Notes, the types of Credit Events which may apply in relation 
to the specified Reference Entity will vary depending on the identity of each Reference Entity and will 
be determined by reference to market standards that will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Typically, certain terms of the Credit Linked Notes, for example the maturity and the price of credit 
protection purchased will be subject to negotiation between the parties. However, many key terms of the 
Credit Linked Notes – for example, the applicable Credit Events – are typically determined by reference 
to a physical settlement matrix of market standard terms published by ISDA (the version of such matrix 
which is effective as at the Trade Date or Effective Date, as applicable, is referred to as the "Physical 
Settlement Matrix"). The Physical Settlement Matrix recognises a variety of standard terms based on 
the nature of the relevant Reference Entity (corporate, sovereign, etc.) and its location (EMEA (Europe,

--- Page 492 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
492 
 
Middle East and Africa), Asia-Ex Japan, Japan, Latin America, North America etc.). As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Physical Settlement Matrix is available free of charge on ISDA's website at 
https://www.isda.org. 
The Issue Terms will specify a "Transaction Type" with respect to the relevant Reference Entity. Certain 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes, including Credit Events, will be determined by reference to the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for such "Transaction Type". Such terms may vary between particular series 
of Credit Linked Notes depending on the relevant "Transaction Type" which applies. Further, the 
Physical Settlement Matrix is updated regularly by ISDA and accordingly, different Series of Credit 
Linked Notes may refer to different versions of the Physical Settlement Matrix. 
What is a Risk Event and does it apply to all Credit Linked Notes? 
A Risk Event may be a Credit Event or an Additional Risk Event. While Credit Events cover the risks 
arising from the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity (see further "What is a Credit Event?" above), 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes to the extent that such events apply in the applicable Issue Terms. Additional Risk Events include, 
amongst other things, events that make it impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or prohibit, restrict or 
materially delay the ability of, any entity holding a loan or obligation to convert or repatriate currency or 
purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner of any such loan or obligation or affect 
the performance of custodial and settlement activities,  the occurrence of certain restructuring events in 
respect of Reference Assets, reductions in the fair market value of the Credit Linked Notes and/or (in the 
case of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes only) reductions in the liquidation value of the relevant 
basket of Reference Assets. 
The concept of a Risk Event is therefore specific to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. The types of Risk Events which may apply in relation to the 
specified Reference Entity will vary depending on the identity of each Reference Entity and the 
jurisdiction of such Reference Entity. 
When does a Credit Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Credit Linked Notes? 
A Credit Event may occur at any time during the period from, and including, the "Credit Event Backstop 
Date" to, and including, the Scheduled Maturity Date or such other date as is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (subject to extension in certain circumstances). 
The Credit Event Backstop Date is typically intended to be a rolling date which is: 
(a) 
if a relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (see further "What is the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and how does it affect the Credit Linked Notes (other 
than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes)?" below) receives a request to resolve whether or not a Credit Event has occurred in 
relation to a Reference Entity (such date of request, the "Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date"), 60 calendar days prior to the date of such request; or  
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Credit Event has occurred in relation to any Reference 
Entity or an Obligation thereof and delivers an effective Credit Event Notice, and supporting 
information (if applicable), to the Issuer for delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders to 
that effect, when the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is not going to consider the 
same, 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the effective delivery date of such Credit Event 
Notice (where it occurs during the notice delivery period) and (ii) the Credit Event Resolution

--- Page 493 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
493 
 
Request Date (where the effective delivery date of such Credit Event Notice occurs during the 
post dismissal additional period), subject to extension in certain circumstances. 
Instead of a rolling date, the Issue Date or Trade Date may be specified to be the Credit Event Backstop 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
When does a Risk Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
A Risk Event may occur at any time during the "Risk Event Determination Period", being a period 
commencing on the Issue Date or the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) and expiring on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (subject to extension in certain circumstances). 
What are the event and payment timings which are relevant?  
(a) 
Event Timing: In order to determine the day on which an event occurs for the purposes of the 
Credit Linked Notes, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean 
Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), 
irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight 
shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight.  
(b) 
Payment Timing: If a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the 
case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment 
shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if 
the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the 
time zone of its place of payment. 
Can a Credit Event occur prior to the Issue Date or the Trade Date? 
Yes. A Credit Event may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur 
prior to the Trade Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Noteholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the Reference 
Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to ISDA prior to the 
Trade Date to determine whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the Reference Entity, details 
of such request may be found on the ISDA website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/. 
When can a Credit Event or a Risk Event be triggered? 
A Credit Event may be bilaterally triggered with respect to the Reference Entity during the "Notice 
Delivery Period", being a period commencing on the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) and 
expiring 14 calendar days after the Extension Date. The Extension Date means the later of (a) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or (b) if a potential Credit Event, such as a Failure to Pay or 
Repudiation/Moratorium, has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Credit Linked 
Notes, which may become an actual Credit Event within a specified period following the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, the Grace Period Extension Date or the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Similarly, a Risk Event may be triggered with respect to the Reference Entity during the Risk Event 
Determination Period and such period may be pushed out in certain circumstances (see "When does a 
Risk Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes?" above). Accordingly, notwithstanding the occurrence of a 
Scheduled Maturity Date, a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, could be triggered after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 494 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
494 
 
What is an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date? 
In order for Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed following a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, 
it is necessary for a relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, to have occurred. Depending on the circumstances, this may be the date on which a notice 
describing the occurrence of the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has been effectively delivered 
(together with, if applicable, a notice containing publicly available information confirming the 
occurrence of the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable), or, for Credit Linked Notes other than Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the date on 
which, amongst other things, it is publicly announced that a DC Credit Event Question was effective and 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of publicly available information 
with respect to such question, provided that certain conditions are satisfied. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding the occurrence of a Scheduled Maturity Date, an Event Determination 
Date could occur as a result of issues submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
after the Scheduled Maturity Date where the date on which a DC Credit Event Question was effective 
and on which a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such question falls on or prior to the 14th day following the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or any Extension Date, as applicable.  
Can an Event Determination Date only occur if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
determines that one has occurred? 
No. The Calculation Agent and the Issuer may also deliver a Credit Event Notice to the Noteholder in 
relation to a Credit Event triggering an Event Determination Date (see "When can a Credit Event or a 
Risk Event be triggered?" above).  
An Event Determination Date may be bilaterally triggered following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
that is an M(M)R Restructuring. In other cases, although the Calculation Agent and the Issuer may trigger 
an Event Determination Date following the occurrence of a Credit Event it will only be able to do so if 
(a) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not made a DC Credit Event Announcement or 
a DC No Credit Event Announcement; (b) it has some information to support its determination that a 
Credit Event has occurred and (c) (in circumstances where a Notice of Publicly Available Information is 
required to be provided) it cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event described in the Credit Event Notice. 
What is the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and how does it affect the Credit Linked 
Notes (other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes)? 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was established by ISDA in March 2009 to make 
determinations that are relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives market and to promote 
transparency and consistency. Noteholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee by virtue of the fact that they are investors in the Credit Linked Notes. 
Prospective Noteholders should note that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has the power 
to make binding decisions which the Calculation Agent may determine are applicable for the purposes 
of the Credit Linked Notes on critical issues, including: 
(a) 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and the standard Event Determination Date; 
(b) 
whether one or more Auctions will be held in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit 
Event has occurred;

--- Page 495 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
495 
 
(c) 
if one or more Auctions are to be held, what Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity 
will be used for the purposes of determining the price for each such Auction and the relevant 
auction buckets which cover the various scheduled termination dates of transactions;  
(d) 
the suitable methodology to be applied when determining the asset market value of any non-
financial instruments or instruments not capable of transfer or when asset package delivery will 
be cash settled; 
(e) 
the auction settlement terms;  
(f) 
the occurrence of a succession or succession event and the identity of any "Successors" (for 
details, see "Successors" below); and 
(g) 
suitable substitute Reference Obligations where a substitution event has occurred. 
Consequently, Noteholders will be bound by any such relevant decisions determined to be applicable to 
the Credit Linked Notes and the payments on the Credit Linked Notes and the timing of any such 
payments may be affected by such decisions or determinations. Questions referred to the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and the results of binding votes will be published by the DC 
Secretary on https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are regional and there is a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for each of the following five regions: the Americas, Asia (excluding Japan), 
Australia and New Zealand, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and Japan. The proceedings of 
each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be governed by rules published from time to 
time by the DC Secretary. A copy of such rules is available as at the date of this Base Prospectus free of 
charge at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/. 
Each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is formed of ten voting dealer members, five voting 
buyside (non-dealer) members and three non-voting members (two dealers and one buyside). A Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee may also include as non-voting members one or more credit 
derivatives central clearing counterparties as observer members. Dealer institutions are selected for 
membership in accordance with the DC Rules published by the DC Secretary and certain trading volume 
data guidelines. 
With effect from 12 October 2018, DC Administration Services, Inc., a Delaware-incorporated 
subsidiary of ISDA was appointed by ISDA to act as the DC Secretary. The DC Secretary is responsible 
for various administrative tasks, including distributing questions submitted by eligible market 
participants to the relevant DC Members, convening DC meetings, and publishing the results of DC 
votes. The DC Secretary does not vote on whether Credit Events have occurred. 
SUMMARY OF DIFFERENT CREDIT PRODUCTS UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
What are the different types of Credit Linked Notes that may be issued under the Programme? 
If Credit Linked Notes are issued by way of Final Terms, the Credit Linked Notes may be Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes.

--- Page 496 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
496 
 
(A) 
What are Single Name Credit Linked Notes? 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of only 
one Reference Entity specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date occurs, 
then each Single Name Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full (or, where an M(M)R 
Restructuring occurs or multiple successors are identified, in part) by payment of the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Amount or, where Physical Redemption applies, by delivery of the 
Physical Redemption Assets and/or any applicable cash amounts on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date.  
Multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor 
provisions.  
(B) 
What are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance 
of a basket with two or more Reference Entities, although such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes are exposed to the credit risk of only the "nth" Reference Entity specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. For example, if "n" is five, then redemption will only arise after a Credit 
Event has occurred with respect to five of the Reference Entities in the basket, and then only 
with respect to that fifth Reference Entity. As such, if one or more Credit Events occur in respect 
of Reference Entities other than the nth Reference Entity, redemption of the Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes will not be triggered.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of the nth Reference Entity, then each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note will 
be redeemed in full (or, where an M(M)R Restructuring occurs or multiple successors are 
identified, in part) by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or, where 
Physical Redemption applies, by delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or any 
applicable cash amounts on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date.  
Multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of the nth 
Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor 
provisions. 
(C) 
What are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of a 
basket of Reference Entities specified in the applicable Issue Terms and are exposed to the credit 
risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to the weighting specified for such 
Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the basket, then each Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Note will be redeemed in part, in proportion to the weighting of the affected Reference 
Entity, by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or, where Physical 
Redemption applies, by delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or any applicable cash 
amounts on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date. Redemption will be effected in 
accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions, where applicable.

--- Page 497 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
497 
 
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(D) 
What are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
component Reference Entities of an Index specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Index 
may be either an iTraxx® Index or a CDX® Index. The Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the relevant Index in proportion to the 
weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the Index, then each Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Note will be redeemed in part, in proportion to the weighting of the affected Reference 
Entity, by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount on the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant M(M)R 
Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(E) 
What are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
component Reference Entities of an Index specified in the applicable Issue Terms, although 
such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are only exposed to the incurred losses and 
redemptions are effected with respect to incurred recoveries (if any) in respect of a specified 
tranche of that Index. Such Index may be either an iTraxx® Index or a CDX® Index. Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes are accordingly exposed to the credit risk of each Reference 
Entity in the relevant Index in proportion to the weighting specified for such Reference Entity 
in the applicable Issue Terms, to the extent that losses suffered by the affected Reference 
Entities fall within such prescribed tranche. 
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the Index, then each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note will be written down and/or redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the incurred loss 
and/or incurred recovery suffered in respect of the affected Reference Entity (to the extent that 
any such incurred loss and incurred recovery falls within the prescribed tranche) with payment 
of any incurred recovery (i.e. the Index Tranched Redemption Amount) being made on the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant 
M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.

--- Page 498 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
498 
 
(F) 
What are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
component Reference Entities of a bespoke basket specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
although such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are only exposed to the incurred losses 
and redemptions are effected with respect to incurred recoveries (if any) in respect of a specified 
tranche of that basket. Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are accordingly exposed to the 
credit risk of each Reference Entity in the relevant basket in proportion to the weighting 
specified for such Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms, to the extent that losses 
suffered by the affected Reference Entities fall within such prescribed tranche. 
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the basket, then each Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Note will be written down and/or redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the incurred loss 
and/or incurred recovery suffered in respect of the affected Reference Entity (to the extent that 
any such incurred loss and incurred recovery falls within the prescribed tranche) with payment 
of any incurred recovery (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount) being made on the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant 
M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(G) 
What are Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes?  
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the 
performance of Reference Investor Assets of only one Reference Entity specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, where such Reference Entity is a sovereign of, or a corporate in, a local 
access jurisdiction and where such Reference Investor Assets are held by a Reference Investor 
in such local access jurisdiction. Accordingly, in addition to exposure to the credit risk of the 
Reference Entity, an investment in Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes involves 
additional risks associated with such local access jurisdictions, including potential risks of 
volatility, governmental intervention and the lack of a developed system of law.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Risk Event and a relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
occurs then each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full (or 
where multiple successors are identified, in part) by payment of the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date.  
Multiple Risk Events and related Risk Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant Successor provisions.  
(H) 
What are Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes?  
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
Reference Investor Assets of two or more Reference Entities specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, where such Reference Entities are sovereigns of, or corporates in, a local access 
jurisdiction and where such Reference Investor Assets are held by a Reference Investor in such 
local access jurisdiction. Accordingly, Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are not only 
exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to the weighting

--- Page 499 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
499 
 
specified for such Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms but also to additional risks 
associated with local access jurisdictions.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Risk Event and a relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the basket (not affecting the other 
Reference Entities in the basket), then each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note will be 
redeemed in full (if "Redemption in Full" applies) or in part (if "Redemption in Part" applies) 
to reflect the loss suffered in respect of such Affected Reference Entity. Redemption will be 
effected in accordance with the relevant Successor provisions, where applicable.  
Multiple Risk Events, and therefore multiple Risk Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Risk Events and related Risk Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant Successor provisions. 
PAYOUTS UNDER CREDIT LINKED NOTES – KEY TIMINGS AND AMOUNTS 
What are the different timings for payouts that are contemplated under the Credit Linked Conditions? 
The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which an investor receives will depend on whether 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes occurs:  
(a) 
in the usual course, at maturity (see further "When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if 
no Credit Event or Risk Event occurs?" below);  
(b) 
in instalments (see further "Where "Redemption by Instalments" applies, when will Credit 
Linked Notes be redeemed if no Credit Event or Risk Event occurs?" below); 
(c) 
pursuant to the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable (see further, "What 
is "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event"?" 
below);  
(d) 
at maturity, despite the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable (see further, 
"What is "Credit Payment on Maturity"?" below); or 
(e) 
pursuant to the occurrence of an event (other than a Credit Event or a Risk Event) triggering 
early redemption (see further "When may the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes early?" 
below).  
(A) 
When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if no Credit Event or Risk Event 
occurs? 
If no Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has 
occurred, and provided that the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed early, 
repurchased or cancelled, each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (which may in certain circumstances have been extended) 
(see further "What will Noteholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are not 
redeemed early?" below). 
(B) 
Where "Redemption by Instalments" applies, when will Credit Linked Notes be 
redeemed if no Credit Event or Risk Event occurs?

--- Page 500 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
500 
 
If "Redemption by Instalments" applies and no Event Determination Date or Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable, has occurred, and provided that the Credit 
Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed early, repurchased or cancelled, each Credit 
Linked Note will be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date and in full on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (which may in certain circumstances have been extended) 
(see further "What will Noteholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are not 
redeemed early?" below). 
(C) 
What is "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following 
Risk Event"? 
"Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event", 
as applicable, refers to where a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, occurs with 
respect to a Reference Entity (or the nth Reference Entity, in case of Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes) and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, occurs as a result and redemption follows such 
Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable (see further "What will Noteholders receive 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event" 
applies?" below).  
(D) 
What is "Credit Payment on Maturity"? 
"Credit Payment on Maturity" refers to where a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as 
applicable, occurs with respect to a Reference Entity (or the nth Reference Entity, in 
case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes) and an Event Determination Date 
or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs as a result, but redemption 
(and accordingly, payment of the relevant redemption amounts) occurs only at maturity 
(see further "What will Noteholders receive if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies?" 
below). 
(E) 
When may the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes early? 
The Issuer may redeem the Credit Linked Notes early in full, other than where a Credit 
Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, has occurred, if (i) certain tax events occur with 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes, (ii) certain events occur which make it unlawful 
for the Issuer and/or the relevant Guarantor to perform certain obligations or comply 
with material provisions of agreements entered into in connection with the Credit 
Linked Notes, (iii) certain early redemption events occur (see further "When will an 
Early Redemption Event occur?" below), (iv) certain Events of Default occur, (v) the 
Issuer elects to exercise its call option in respect of the Credit Linked Notes (if "Issuer 
Call" is applicable), (vi) in certain cases and if applicable, following an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event or certain other benchmark events, (vii) a Realisation 
Disruption Event occurs, (viii) an Underlying RMB Currency Event occurs, (ix) a 
Merger Event occurs or (x) if the Reference Obligation (in respect of a Reference 
Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies) is redeemed in whole prior to its 
scheduled maturity date (see further "What will Noteholders receive if the Issuer 
redeems the Credit Linked Notes early (other than due to a Credit Event or a Risk 
Event)?" below). 
When will an Early Redemption Event occur? 
An early redemption event may occur where, among other things, (a) certain adjustments have occurred, 
(b) the Issuer and/or Guarantors become subject to any withholding or reporting obligations pursuant to

--- Page 501 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
501 
 
Section 871(m) of the Code with respect to the Notes or a hedging disruption early termination event 
occurs, (c) in respect of certain Notes, the Calculation Agent determines in respect of certain Notes that 
no Successor Index can be determined or no adjustment to the relevant Inflation Index can reasonably be 
made, (d) in respect of certain Notes, the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution 
can reasonably be made to account for the effect of an Adjustment Event, or (e) the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Obligor Regulatory Event has occurred. The relevant early redemption events need to 
be specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms for such events to be applicable to a Series of 
Credit Linked Notes.  
Can Noteholders elect to redeem their Credit Linked Notes early? 
The Noteholders do not have a right to require the Issuer to redeem their Notes early. 
What are Noteholders expected to receive pursuant to the different payouts contemplated under the 
Credit Linked Conditions? 
The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which an investor receives will depend on when 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes occurs. 
(A) 
What will Noteholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are not redeemed early? 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed early, repurchased or cancelled, the 
amount payable in respect of each Credit Linked Note that is redeemed in full on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date will be an amount equal to par or at a premium (in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes that are Zero Coupon Notes).  
Where "Redemption by Instalments" applies and the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise 
redeemed early in full, repurchased or cancelled, the amount payable in respect of each Credit 
Linked Note shall be (i) the related Instalment Redemption Amount on each Instalment Date 
and (ii) the final Instalment Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date, the sum of 
which shall be an amount equal to par or at a premium (in the case of Credit Linked Notes that 
are Zero Coupon Notes). 
(B) 
What will Noteholders receive if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit 
Payment following Risk Event" applies? 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event", as 
applicable, apply and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurs, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed at the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount (see further, "What is the Credit Event Redemption Amount?" below), with no further 
payment of principal or interest, if applicable, on the proportion of the Credit Linked Notes 
affected by the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable (see further "What interest payments 
will Noteholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event?" below). The 
Credit Event Redemption Amount is likely to be less than the par value of the Credit Linked 
Notes and may even be zero. 
(C) 
What will Noteholders receive if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies? 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, occurs, interest will cease to accrue on, or be payable in 
respect of, such portion of the Credit Linked Notes affected by the Credit Event or Risk Event, 
as applicable. This will not affect any interest payable on the remaining portion of the Credit 
Linked Notes unaffected by such Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable. Further, the Credit

--- Page 502 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
502 
 
Payment on Maturity Amount (which reflects the incurred recoveries to be paid at maturity) 
will accrue interest based on the funding interest rate specified in the Issue Terms (see further 
"What interest payments will Noteholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a 
Risk Event?" below). The Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed only at maturity in an amount 
equal to the Credit Event Redemption Amount (see further, "What is the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount?" below). The Credit Event Redemption Amount is likely to be less than 
the par value of the Credit Linked Notes and may even be zero. 
(D) 
What will Noteholders receive if the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes early (other than 
due to a Credit Event or a Risk Event)? 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early in full (other than where a Credit Event, Risk 
Event, Merger Event or redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation has occurred), the 
Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date or Optional Redemption 
Date, as applicable, by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as applicable, with no further payment of principal or interest, 
if applicable, due in respect of such Credit Linked Notes. The Early Redemption Amount is an 
amount determined with respect to the Credit Linked Notes in the Settlement Currency which 
is typically equal to the fair market value of such notes or the principal amount of such notes 
(together with any unpaid interest). The Optional Redemption Amount is an amount specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where applicable, in the case of a Merger Event, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on 
the Early Redemption Date by payment of the Merger Redemption Amount. The Merger 
Redemption Amount may be equal to either (x) the relevant Early Redemption Amount or (y) 
an amount equal to the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes less any unwind costs, and will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, except that 
where the Notes are redeemed in part, such amounts shall be determined by reference to the 
proportional principal amount of the Notes being redeemed only. 
In the case of redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation (where "Reference Obligation 
Only" applies), each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed on the Substitution Event Date by 
payment of the Substitution Event Redemption Amount. The Substitution Event Redemption 
Amount is an amount determined with respect to the Credit Linked Notes in the Settlement 
Currency which is typically equal to the fair market value of such notes, less any unwind costs, 
except that, where the Notes are redeemed in part, such amounts shall be determined by 
reference to the proportional principal amount of the Notes being redeemed only. 
REDEMPTION MECHANICS UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
What is the Applicable Proportion? 
The Applicable Proportion represents such proportion of the aggregate notional amount of a Credit 
Linked Note that is affected by a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, and is used for determining 
the amounts payable or to be written down and/or redeemed following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
or a Risk Event, as applicable, as well as for calculating the interest payable on such Credit Linked Notes. 
The calculation of the Applicable Proportion depends on the nature of the Credit Linked Notes, the type 
of Credit Event resulting in redemption (including whether the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring 
or not) and whether the Successor provisions are relevant (see further "Successors" below):

--- Page 503 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
503 
 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of the Outstanding Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Note and: 
(i) 
100 per cent. (where redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring or 
pursuant to multiple successors being identified);  
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the 
relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, 
divided by the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes 
(where redemption is as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring); or  
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Single Name Partial Nominal 
Amount, divided by the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit 
Linked Notes (where redemption is not pursuant to an M(M)R Restructuring and where 
partial redemption occurs pursuant to application of the succession provisions).  
(B) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes will be equal to 
the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit Linked Note and: 
(i) 
100 per cent. (where redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring or 
pursuant to multiple successors being identified);  
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the 
relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes 
(where redemption is as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring); or  
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal 
Amount, divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked 
Notes (where redemption is not pursuant to an M(M)R Restructuring and where partial 
redemption occurs pursuant to application of the succession provisions).  
(C) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit 
Linked Note and: 
(i) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes (where redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring or pursuant to 
multiple successors being identified);  
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the 
relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes 
(where redemption is as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring); or

--- Page 504 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
504 
 
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Linear Basket Partial Nominal 
Amount or Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount, as applicable, divided by the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where redemption 
is not pursuant to an M(M)R Restructuring and where partial redemption occurs 
pursuant to the succession provisions).  
(D) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit 
Linked Note and an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the relevant Principal 
Writedown Amount, divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked 
Notes.  
(E) 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes  
The Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal 
to the product of the Outstanding Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Note and: 
(i) 
100 per cent. (where redemption is not pursuant to multiple successors being 
identified); or 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Local Access Single Name Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such 
Credit Linked Notes (where partial redemption occurs pursuant to application of the 
succession provisions).  
(F) 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes  
The Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of the Outstanding Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Note and: 
(i) 
if "Redemption in Full" applies to such Credit Linked Notes, 100 per cent. (where 
redemption is not pursuant to multiple successors being identified); 
(ii) 
if "Redemption in Part" applies to such Credit Linked Notes, an amount (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of 
the relevant Affected Reference Entity immediately prior to the Relevant Risk Event, 
divided by the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes 
(where redemption is not pursuant to multiple successors being identified); or 
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Local Access Basket Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such 
Credit Linked Notes (where partial redemption occurs pursuant to application of the 
succession provisions). 
What are the different methods of redemption? 
The Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the Credit Event Redemption Method 
elected for by the Issuer (and specified in the Issue Terms), provided that the Fallback Redemption

--- Page 505 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
505 
 
Method, also specified in the applicable Issue Terms, will apply where the elected Credit Event 
Redemption Method cannot be applied. 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption, Physical Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption 
may be selected as the Credit Event Redemption Method, with a fallback for either Cash 
Redemption or Physical Redemption. 
(B) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption may be selected as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, with the only fallback being Cash Redemption. Physical 
Redemption is not relevant for these types of Credit Linked Notes. 
(C) 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
"LA Cash Redemption", "LA Physical Redemption" or "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption" may 
be selected as the Risk Event Redemption Method. There is no prescribed fallback for such 
product. Auction Redemption is not relevant for these types of Credit Linked Notes. 
What is the Credit Event Redemption Amount? 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is the cash amount that is payable to the Noteholders on an early 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as 
applicable, and is broadly indicative of the recoveries in respect of such Credit Linked Notes.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount depends on the applicable Credit Event Redemption Method or 
Fallback Redemption Method, the nature of the Credit Linked Notes and the timing for payment: 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
For such Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be the Auction 
Redemption Amount (where Auction Redemption is applicable), the Cash Redemption Amount 
(where Cash Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption is applicable) or if "Credit Payment 
on Maturity" is applicable, the Final Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Cash 
Redemption Amount.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the recovery price of certain 
deliverables determined in the relevant auction on the auction final price determination date or 
eligible obligations ("Valuation Obligations") of the Reference Entity on a specified date 
(being the final price determination date) following the occurrence of a Credit Event with 
respect to such Reference Entity. With respect to the Credit Linked Notes which are subject to 
Cash Redemption, the eligible obligations shall be one or more obligations, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent, that are either a Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable 
Obligation as at the particular observation time in accordance with elections made in the 
applicable Issue Terms. The price of such eligible obligations will be determined on the basis 
of bid quotations received by the Calculation Agent from dealers.

--- Page 506 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
506 
 
(B) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes will be the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, or if "Credit Payment on Maturity" is 
applicable, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount, as applicable.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, which in 
turn, in each case, requires the Recovery Amount to be determined. The Recovery Amount is 
based on the recovery price of the Deliverable Obligations which may be determined by an 
Auction or, where Cash Redemption applies, on the basis of bid quotations for Valuation 
Obligations received by the Calculation Agent from dealers.  
(C) 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, will be the LA Cash 
Redemption Amount (where LA Cash Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery Redemption is 
applicable) or if "Credit Payment on Maturity" is applicable, the Final LA Cash Redemption 
Amount. 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the price of certain specified 
eligible assets of the Reference Entity on a specified date following the occurrence of a Risk 
Event with respect to such Reference Entity. With respect to Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the eligible assets shall be one or 
more assets that are either assets issued by the Reference Entity (and as specified in the Issue 
Terms) or assets selected by the Calculation Agent that would constitute a Deliverable 
Obligation as at the particular observation time in accordance with elections made in the 
applicable Issue Terms. The price of such eligible assets shall be determined on the basis of the 
highest bid quotation received by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers or if no such 
bid quotation is provided, by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion.  
How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Auction Redemption applies? 
If Auction Redemption applies, the Auction Redemption Amount or the Recovery Amount (which is 
necessary to determine in order to calculate the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio 
Tranched Redemption Amount), as applicable, will be determined by reference to a price determined by 
way of a credit derivatives auction administered by the auction administrators based on the auction 
settlement terms published by the DC Secretary (an "Auction"). The Auction will involve a bidding 
process by institutions participating in the relevant Auction, pursuant to a bidding procedure set under 
the relevant auction settlement terms, to establish the value of the eligible obligations (the "Deliverable 
Obligations") of the relevant Reference Entity. Deliverable Obligations mean obligations of the 
Reference Entity which satisfy certain specified "Deliverable Obligation Categories" and "Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics" which are on the Final List as published by the DC Secretary. The Issuer or 
one or more of its affiliates may act as a participating bidder in any such Auction and may submit bids 
and offers with respect to the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity.

--- Page 507 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
507 
 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
If Auction Redemption applies, the Auction Redemption Amount will be equal to the product 
of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) the price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations of such 
Reference Entity, minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs.  
(B) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, is an amount representing each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount 
equal to (1) the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount (being the recovery in respect of such Credit Linked Notes which falls within 
the specified tranche), minus (2) any unwind costs. Accordingly, in order to determine the Index 
Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery 
Amount, as applicable, needs to be calculated, which in turn, in each case, requires the Recovery 
Amount to be determined. If Auction Redemption applies, the Recovery Amount will be equal 
to the product of (1) the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity 
(and, in case of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Exercise Amount) and (2) the recovery price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations of such 
Reference Entity.  
The auction price is likely to be lower than the par value of the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference 
Entity and will be reflective of a loss experienced by the holder of such Deliverable Obligations. 
Moreover, the price is likely to reflect the lowest prevailing market value of any Deliverable Obligation. 
The lower the auction price, the greater the amount retained by the Issuer to make whole the loss suffered 
by it (as buyer of credit protection) and thus the smaller the Credit Event Redemption Amount paid to 
Noteholders on an early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. 
How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Cash Redemption or LA Cash Redemption 
applies? 
(A) 
Cash Redemption  
If Cash Redemption applies, the Cash Redemption Amount or the Recovery Amount (which is 
necessary to determine in order to calculate the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount), as applicable, will be determined on the basis of the 
bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the eligible 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity selected by the Calculation Agent and satisfying 
certain specified obligation categories and obligation characteristics (such obligations being the 
Valuation Obligations). However, if no quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the final price acting in a commercially reasonable manner which may even be zero.  
(I) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
If Cash Redemption applies, the Cash Redemption Amount will be equal to the product 
of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) 
the price (expressed as a percentage) determined on the basis of such bid quotations 
sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the Deliverable 
Obligations, minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs.

--- Page 508 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
508 
 
(II) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, is an amount representing each Note's pro rata share of an 
amount equal to (1) the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (being the recovery in respect of such Notes), 
minus (2) any unwind costs. Accordingly, in order to determine the Index Tranched 
Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
the Recovery Amount needs to be calculated. If Cash Redemption applies, the 
Recovery Amount will be equal to the product of (1) the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the affected Reference Entity (and, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, 
the Exercise Amount) and (2) the price (expressed as a percentage) determined on the 
basis of such bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers 
for the Deliverable Obligations.  
(B) 
LA Cash Redemption 
LA Cash Redemption applies only to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. If LA Cash Redemption applies, the LA Cash Redemption 
Amount will be determined on the basis of the highest bid quotation sought by the Calculation 
Agent from third party dealers for certain specified eligible assets of the relevant Reference 
Entity which may be assets issued by the Reference Entity (and as specified in the Issue Terms) 
or assets selected by the Calculation Agent that would constitute a Deliverable Obligation (being 
the LA Settlement Assets). However, if no quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the LA Recovery Amount acting in its sole discretion.  
If LA Cash Redemption applies, the LA Cash Redemption Amount will be equal to the product 
of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) an amount 
equal to the LA Recovery Amount (plus, where "FX Forward Rate" applies, the Reference 
Assets FX Forward Termination Value, which may be a positive or a negative amount), minus 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs. 
In any case, while determining the Final Price or the LA Recovery Amount, as applicable, the Issuer will 
be entitled to select the cheapest Valuation Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, for 
valuation. The lower the Final Price or the LA Recovery Amount, as applicable, the greater the amount 
retained by the Issuer to make whole the loss suffered by it (as buyer of credit protection) and thus the 
smaller the Credit Event Redemption Amount paid to Noteholders on an early redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
What will the Noteholder receive if "Physical Redemption" or "LA Physical Redemption" of the 
Credit Linked Notes applies? 
(A) 
Physical Redemption 
If "Physical Redemption" applies, the Issuer will physically deliver assets to the Noteholders 
that represent each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of obligations of the Reference Entity 
which falls within a specified category (i.e. the Deliverable Obligation Category) and have the 
specified characteristics (i.e. the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics) which will be set out 
in the Issue Terms and which have an Outstanding Principal Balance or a Due and Payable 
Amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes following the 
occurrence of the Credit Event, minus any unwind costs, any delivery expenses that may be 
incurred by the Issuer in the physical settlement and any interest suspension shortfall amount.

--- Page 509 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
509 
 
The Issuer may be required to make a payment in cash to the Noteholders where, for example, 
the assets to be physically delivered are not a whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of 
transfer or physical delivery is illegal or impossible or the necessary consents for transfer of the 
relevant Deliverable Obligation haven't been obtained.  
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, in certain circumstances the Physical 
Redemption Assets may include Assets comprising the Asset Package. The Issuer may elect to 
pay a cash amount to the Noteholders in lieu of delivering any or all of the Asset Package. 
(B) 
LA Physical Redemption 
"LA Physical Redemption" applies only to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. If "LA Physical Redemption" applies, the Issuer will 
physically deliver such assets to the Noteholders (being the LA Settlement Assets) that represent 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to (1) the assets or obligations of 
the Reference Entity or assets selected by the Calculation Agent which constitute Deliverable 
Obligations and (2) which have an Outstanding Principal Balance or a Due and Payable Amount 
equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence 
of the Risk Event, less (3) any unwind costs, any delivery expenses that may be incurred by the 
Issuer in the physical settlement and any interest suspension shortfall amount. 
The Issuer may be required to make a payment in cash to the Noteholders where, for example, 
physical delivery is illegal or impossible due to circumstances outside the control of the Issuer 
or within the control of the Noteholders. 
What will a Noteholder recover if fixed recovery is applicable? 
If "Fixed Recovery Redemption" or "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as applicable, then 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, and relevant Event 
Determination Date, the amount payable on redemption on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date 
shall be calculated as set out in "How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Cash 
Redemption or LA Cash Redemption applies?" above, provided that instead of the Final Price, the "Fixed 
Recovery Percentage" set out in the applicable Issue Terms shall apply. The Fixed Recovery Percentage 
may be specified as zero, in which case Noteholders will lose all of their investment upon the occurrence 
of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable. 
What is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event? 
This applies to a Restructuring Credit Event relating to some Transaction Types aimed at reducing the 
risk occurring with respect to receiving the "cheapest to deliver" assets by imposing complex restrictions 
on deliverables where a buyer of protection (i.e. the Issuer) triggers the event. The deliverables must 
additionally have a final maturity date (determined at the time of delivery and effective delivery of Notice 
of Physical Settlement) or determination which falls within the limitation date of a maturity bucket.  
If there is no auction for a bucket, in order to auction settle, the Issuer may elect to exercise a "Movement 
Option" to settle at a bucket with more restrictive deliverables rather than redeem through the fallback 
redemption methods. 
How much will Noteholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following an 
M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event? 
If a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, and it constitutes an 
M(M)R Restructuring, the Issuer may elect to trigger a partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in

--- Page 510 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
510 
 
respect of such Restructuring Credit Event. This Credit Event requires a Credit Event Notice to be 
delivered in order to be triggered (i.e. this can only be triggered bilaterally). The Credit Event Notice will 
specify the portion of the Credit Linked Notes impacted by such Restructuring Credit Event (the 
"Exercise Amount"). 
If the Issuer decides to partially redeem the Credit Linked Notes, each Credit Linked Note will be 
redeemed in part by an amount that is less than the entire credit protection purchased and sold under the 
Credit Linked Notes in relation to the Reference Entity with respect to which the Restructuring Credit 
Event occurred. The Credit Event Redemption Amount payable to Noteholders will reflect such partial 
exercise for the purposes of redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. Subsequent determinations of 
interest and principal under the Credit Linked Notes will be determined only in respect of the outstanding 
nominal amount of the Credit Linked Note following such reduction. 
How much will Noteholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following a 
determination of multiple successors? 
If the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following a determination of multiple successors, the 
Calculation Agent shall apportion any calculation amounts equally between the number of Successors 
and the Credit Event Redemption Amount or the amount of Physical Redemption Assets or LA 
Settlement Assets, as applicable, to be delivered for any Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, 
which occur shall be calculated on the basis of such apportioned amounts. For details on successors, see 
"Successors" below. 
Can Credit Linked Notes be redeemed after the Scheduled Maturity Date? 
If no Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs then the Credit 
Linked Notes are scheduled to redeem on the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
However, if the Calculation Agent determines that on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (i) one or 
more Reference Entities (a) may be subject to a Credit Event or to a Risk Event, (b) if "Grace Period 
Extension" is applicable, is or may be subject to a Potential Failure to Pay, or (c) if "Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium" is applicable, is or may be subject to a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (d) 
a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within 
an effective delivery period which may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date occurring (e) a Credit Event Resolution Request Date may occur after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date but during the Notice Delivery Period which may result in a Relevant Event 
Determination Date occurring; (f) the final Credit Event Redemption Date or the Final Physical 
Redemption Cut-Off Date, as applicable, will only occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date (including 
any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date); (g) a Payment Failure 
Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date where a Payment/Delivery Failure Event has 
occurred; or (h) a RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
then each Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
but shall be redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date. 
When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if the Scheduled Maturity Date is extended? 
If no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, 
occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date, the Credit Linked Notes will redeem on the latest to occur 
of (a) the fifth Business Day following the Notes Extension Date; (b) the final Credit Event Redemption 
Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant Credit Events or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable or if later, 
any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date); (c) the fifth Business Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date

--- Page 511 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
511 
 
(if applicable); or (d) the fifth Business Day following the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable. 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes), where a Relevant Event Determination Date actually occurs on or 
prior to the Notes Extension Date, the Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed on the later to occur of (a) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant Credit Events, as applicable 
or if later, any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption 
Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date) and (b) the fifth Business Day following the Payment 
Failure Cut-Off Date (if applicable). 
In respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, as applicable, where a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date actually occurs on or prior to the 
LA Cut-Off Date, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on the latest to occur of (a) the final LA 
Cash Redemption Date or the final LA Physical Redemption Date, as applicable; (b) the fifth Business 
Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date (if applicable); and (c) the fifth Business Day following 
the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if applicable. 
INSTALMENT REDEMPTION AMOUNT SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
In respect of Instalment Notes, will Noteholders receive any Instalment Redemption Amounts after 
the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event? 
Instalment Notes may be Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes.  
If an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs, from (and 
including) the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, any Instalment Redemption 
Amount(s) relating to the Applicable Proportion of an Instalment Note (for further information see "What 
is the Applicable Proportion?" above) that is due and payable on any Instalment Date(s) will be 
disregarded and any future Instalment Redemption Amount(s) relating to the outstanding portion (if any) 
of such Credit Linked Note shall be proportionately reduced as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If a Credit Event or a Risk Event have not occurred, will Noteholders receive payments of the relevant 
Instalment Redemption Amount on each Instalment Date? 
Where the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to an Instalment Date, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, that (i) an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been made on or prior to an Interest 
Payment Date and no corresponding DC Resolution has been published or (ii) a Relevant Credit Event 
and related Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as 
applicable, has been provided, then following a notification by it to the Issuer, any Instalment 
Redemption Amounts due and payable in respect of such Instalment Date and each subsequent Instalment 
Date, in each case in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 5(b) (Redemption by instalments) will, 
until a determination is made by the Calculation Agent to the contrary (as detailed in "If payments of 
Instalment Redemption Amounts are suspended, when will the Issuer's obligations to make such 
payments resume?" below), be suspended as of such Instalment Date. 
If payments of Instalment Redemption Amounts are suspended, when will the Issuer's obligations to 
make such payments resume? 
Suspension of any Instalment Redemption Amounts will continue until certain public announcements by 
the DC Secretary are made or until the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Credit Event or

--- Page 512 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
512 
 
Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, has not occurred and will not occur or if an LA Cut-Off Date in 
respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
as applicable, has occurred. Such public announcements may be one of an Applicable DC No Credit 
Event Announcement, an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal or an announcement by the 
DC Secretary that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will not be convening to Resolve 
the relevant Applicable DC Credit Event Question.  
In such case, the Noteholders will be paid the suspended Instalment Redemption Amount(s) 10 Business 
Days following the date of such announcement or determination by the Calculation Agent or the LA Cut-
Off Date, as applicable. 
Will Noteholders receive any interest on the Instalment Redemption Amounts that were suspended 
once the Issuer's obligation to make such principal payments resumes? 
No additional amount of interest will be payable to the Noteholders by the Issuer in connection with the 
delay or postponement in payment of an Instalment Redemption Amount. 
ZERO COUPON NOTE SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
Zero Coupon Notes may only be Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
in respect of which either Auction Redemption or Cash Redemption applies. 
How will the Credit Event Redemption Amount be affected where the Zero Coupon Percentage is 
specified to be a percentage less than or greater than 100 per cent.? 
If an Event Determination Date occurs, the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be determined as 
described under “How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Auction Redemption 
applies?” or “How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Cash Redemption or LA Cash 
Redemption applies?”, as applicable, except that the Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, 
will be multiplied by (i) (a) the Applicable Proportion or (b) if “Premium Accreted Amount” is specified 
to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Applicable Proportion and the Premium Accreted 
Amount and (iii) the Zero Coupon Percentage, prior to the deduction of any unwind costs. 
The Zero Coupon Percentage is the percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, unless a 
different amount is so specified, will be a percentage equal to the Issue Price of the Notes. 
Where the Notes are issued at a discount to their Original Aggregate Nominal Amount or the Zero 
Coupon Percentage is specified to be a percentage less than 100 per cent., the Auction Redemption 
Amount or Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, will be determined by reference to an amount less 
than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes and will therefore be less than the amount 
which would be determined in relation to a Credit Linked Note which is not a Zero Coupon Note. 
What premium payments will Noteholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk 
Event? 
Zero Coupon Notes do not bear interest. Instead of interest which accrues and is paid through the term 
of the Notes, if no Credit Event occurs, the Notes will redeem at amount which is significantly greater 
than the issue price of the Notes. The difference between the issue price of the Notes and the amount 
scheduled to be paid at maturity is the “premium”. 
If an Event Determination Date occurs, whether any amount in respect of premium is payable shall 
depend on whether “Premium Accreted Amount” is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 513 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
513 
 
Where “Premium Accreted Amount” applies, an amount equal to the sum of the Applicable Percentage 
for the relevant Notes and the Premium Accreted Amount (the “Total Accreted Amount”) will be used 
to determine the Auction Redemption Amount or Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable. Where the 
Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable is multiplied by the Total Accreted Amount, then an 
amount will be paid to Noteholders with respect to the Premium Accreted Amount which, unless the 
Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, is equal to 100 per cent., will be less than the amount 
of interest which would be determined in relation to a Credit Linked Note which is not a Zero Coupon 
Note but which has an interest rate equal to the Amortisation Yield. 
Where the Notes are issued at par and the Zero Coupon Percentage is specified to be a percentage greater 
than 100 per cent., the Auction Redemption Amount or Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, will 
be determined by reference to an amount greater than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Notes and will therefore be greater than the amount which would be determined in relation to a Credit 
Linked Note which is not a Zero Coupon Note. The Auction Redemption Amount of Cash Redemption 
Amount will therefore include an amount in respect of premium which might be more or less than the 
amount of interest which would have been payanle in relation to a Credit Linked Note which is not a 
Zero Coupon Note but which has an interest rate equal to the Amortisation Yield. 
Where “Premium Accreted Amount” is not specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, no additional 
amount in respect of the premium will be payable following the occurrence of an Event Determination 
Date. 
INTEREST SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
What interest payments will Noteholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk 
Event? 
If an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs, the date on 
which interest ceases to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Notes (for 
further information see "What is the Applicable Proportion?" above) shall depend on whether "No 
Interest Accrual on Default" or "Interest Accrual on Default" applies. 
(A) 
No Interest Accrual on Default 
Interest shall cease from and including the Interest Payment Date preceding the Event 
Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, in respect of the first Interest Period, 
from (and including) the Issue Date. 
(B) 
Interest Accrual on Default 
Interest shall cease from and including the first Business Day immediately following the Event 
Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date.  
However, (i) in respect of each Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note), interest will accrue on the 
Applicable Proportion from (and including) the Interest Payment Date preceding such Event 
Determination Date, or (if no such Interest Payment Date exists), the Issue Date to (and 
including) such Event Determination Date; and (ii) in respect of each Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, as applicable, the LA Interest 
Amount shall be payable if, and only if, an Interest Payment Date occurred during the period 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date preceding such Risk Event Determination Date, 
or (if no such Interest Payment Date exists), the Issue Date to (and including) such Risk Event 
Determination Date.

--- Page 514 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
514 
 
Any accrued but unpaid interest shall be paid (i) within 10 Business Days following the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk 
Event" applies) or in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes only and where there is no incurred recovery, within 10 Business Days following the 
relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price Determination Date, as applicable, (ii) 
on such date as determined by the Calculation Agent (if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies), (iii) if 
the Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, on the Early Redemption Date, the Optional 
Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable or (iv) within 10 Business Days following 
the first Delivery Date (if "Physical Redemption" applies), as applicable. In respect of Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, such payment of 
suspended interest shall be made if, and only if, an LA Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to a 
prescribed date. 
The Credit Payment on Maturity Amount will accrue interest additionally at the funding interest rate 
where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies.  
If a Credit Event and Event Determination Date have not occurred, will I receive payments of interest 
on each Interest Payment Date? 
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been made on or prior to an Interest Payment Date and 
no corresponding DC Resolution has been published or a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, 
as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, has been 
provided, then any interest payable under the Credit Linked Notes will be suspended to the maximum 
possible amount (assuming an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date would occur, 
as though full exercise of an M(M)R Restructuring had occurred and where relevant, that Fixed Recovery 
Redemption with Fixed Recovery Percentage at 0 per cent. has occurred) or, in the case of Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the LA Interest Amount 
relating to the relevant LA Interest Payment Date will be suspended. 
If payments of interest are suspended, when will the Issuer's obligations to make such payments 
resume? 
Suspension of interest amount will continue until certain public announcements by the DC Secretary are 
made or until the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as 
applicable, has not occurred and will not occur or if an LA Cut-Off Date in respect of Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, has 
occurred. Such public announcements may be one of an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement, 
an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal or an announcement by the DC Secretary that the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will not be convening to Resolve the relevant Applicable 
DC Credit Event Question.  
In such case, the Noteholders will be paid the suspended interest amount 10 Business Days following the 
date of such announcement or determination by the Calculation Agent or the LA Cut-Off Date, as 
applicable. 
Will Noteholders receive an additional amount of interest once the Issuer's obligation to make interest 
payments resumes? 
No additional amount of interest will be payable to the Noteholders by the Issuer in connection with the 
delay or postponement in payment of an interest amount. However, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that the amount of interest suspended pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest 
following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event)

--- Page 515 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
515 
 
was greater or lesser than the amount of interest that should have been suspended, the Issuer will be 
required to calculate the adjustment interest amount due to or from the Noteholders and such adjustment 
amount will be paid to, or held back from future interest payments owed to, the Noteholders and where 
there has been a shortfall as at the relevant maturity or early redemption date, such interest shortfall 
proceeds shall be deducted from the final redemption amounts or the amount of Physical Redemption 
Assets to be delivered, as applicable. 
What are the Index Swaption provisions? 
If “Index Swaption” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Credit Linked Notes will 
be linked to a hypothetical index swaption, which means that for the purposes of making calculations of 
interest under the Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will be deemed on the Issue Date to have entered into 
the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction with the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty. 
The value of such Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction will determine whether a Swaption Interest 
Amount is payable in respect of the Credit Linked Notes – if it expires at an amount payable to the 
Swaption Buyer, a Swaption Interest Amount will be payable in respect of each Credit Linked Note and, 
conversely, if the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction expires out of the money for the Swaption 
Buyer, no Swaption Interest Amount will be payable. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
What are the Financial Reference Entity Terms? 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" applies, then: 
(a) 
where the Reference Obligation is a senior obligation and if a Credit Event relating to 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring would only affect the subordinated obligations of 
the relevant obligor, a Credit Event will not be triggered in respect of such Reference Entity;  
(b) 
where the Reference Obligation is a subordinated obligation and if a Credit Event relating to 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring would only affect the further subordinated 
obligations of the relevant obligor, a Credit Event will not be triggered in respect of such 
Reference Entity; 
(c) 
with respect to successions, if the Credit Linked Notes relates to a Senior Obligation, the debt 
transfer shall be assessed only in relation to Bond or Loans which include the Senior Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and where the Credit Linked Notes are Subordinated Obligations, the 
debt transfer shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the 
Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no 
such Bond or Loan exists, the debt transfer shall be assessed only in relation to Bond or Loans 
which include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(d) 
provided that if "Governmental Intervention" applies, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy 
a particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of 
any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which 
permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such 
obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic; 
(e) 
a qualifying guarantee which contains terms permitting or anticipating a Governmental 
Intervention will not be treated as containing provisions where the principal payment

--- Page 516 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
516 
 
obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise 
altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of such event; or  
(f) 
an Asset Package Credit Event may occur where (a) a Governmental Intervention occurs or (b) 
a Restructuring (if applicable) occurs, provided that such Restructuring does not constitute a 
Governmental Intervention. If an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, Asset Package Delivery 
is applicable and any Prior Deliverable Obligation shall be a Deliverable Obligation.  
What is Asset Package Credit Event and Asset Package Delivery? 
If (a) "Financial Reference Entity Terms" applies and a Restructuring Credit Event (which does not 
constitute a Governmental Intervention) of the Reference Obligation or a Governmental Intervention 
Credit Event occurs, or (b) a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect to a Sovereign, such a Credit 
Event will constitute an "Asset Package Credit Event".  
If such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the relevant Credit Event Backstop Date, then in those 
circumstances, (unless, in respect of a Sovereign Reference Entity, Asset Package Delivery has been 
specified not to apply in the applicable Issue Terms), the obligations or assets used to determine the 
Auction Final Price or recovery of the Valuation Obligations, as the case may be (i.e. the "Asset 
Package"), will be the "Asset Package" comprising those assets received or retained by a Relevant 
Holder by reference to: 
(a) 
in respect of (a) above and a Governmental Intervention Credit Event, an obligation of the 
Reference Entity which existed immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event which 
would have constituted a Deliverable Obligation, or in the case of (a) above and a Restructuring 
Credit Event, the Reference Obligation (i.e. a "Prior Deliverable Obligation"); or 
(b) 
in respect of (b) above, a benchmark obligation of the relevant Sovereign identified as such by 
ISDA and published on its website or any successor website or by a third party designated by 
ISDA on its website from time to time and which immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit 
Event would have constituted a Deliverable Obligation (i.e. a "Package Observable Bond"). 
Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by Delivery 
of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event, and if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business 
Days following the date on which the Issuer has notified the Fiscal Agent of the detailed description of 
the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver in accordance with the definition of "Notice of Physical 
Settlement".  
The Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion. If the 
relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be 
deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value by reference to an appropriate specialist 
valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee.

--- Page 517 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
517 
 
What are Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations (published on 
December 8, 2017)?  
Where the Issue Terms specify "Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations 
(published on December 8, 2017)" as applicable, the Reference Obligation is any obligation of the 
Reference Entity which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the 
Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity existed ("Senior Non-Preferred Obligation"), 
and which ranks above "Traditional Subordinated Obligations" or which would so rank if Traditional 
Subordinated Obligations existed. In such circumstances, the Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall 
constitute a Subordinated Obligation and such Traditional Subordinated Obligation (as defined in the 
Credit Linked Conditions) shall constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation.  
What is the 2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014) and a CoCo Provision? 
Where the Issue Terms specify the "2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014)" to be applicable, if with respect to one or more Obligations and in 
relation to an aggregate amount of not less than a pre-determined amount, the operation of one or more 
CoCo Provisions results in (a) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (b) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, such event shall be deemed 
to constitute a Governmental Intervention.  
A Coco Provision requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the capital 
ratio is at or below a trigger percentage which is specified to be 5.25 per cent., if no other trigger 
percentage is specified. 
What is the Monoline Supplement? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that the "Monoline Supplement" is applicable, Obligations and 
Deliverable Obligations will include certain qualifying financial guarantee insurance policy or similar 
financial guarantees pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures certain 
borrowed money instruments of another party. 
What is the impact of the LPN Additional Provisions applicable to LPN Reference Entities? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "LPN Additional Provisions" are applicable, among other things, the 
scope of Reference Obligation is expanded to cover LPNs which, as of the Trade Date, are issued for the 
sole purpose of providing funds for the issuer(s) of such LPN to finance a loan or provide alternative 
finance to the relevant LPN Reference Entity. Accordingly, a Credit Event may occur in respect of 
obligations that are not direct obligations of the relevant LPN Reference Entity. 
What is the impact of additional provisions applicable to the Republic of Ecuador, the Argentine 
Republic, the Hellenic Republic, the Republic of Ukraine or certain Venezuelan entities? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ecuador: Excluded 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020)", "2020 Additional Provisions 
for the Argentine Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 
2020)", "Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic (May 29, 2012)", "Additional Provisions for 
the Republic of Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016)" 
or "Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded

--- Page 518 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
518 
 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017)" are applicable, certain Bond or Loan obligations or 
Restricted Debt (as the case may be) are treated as Excluded Deliverable Obligations, which:  
(a) 
in respect of an Ecuador Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 20 April 2020; 
(b) 
in respect of an Argentine Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond" that was 
issued on or prior to 31 August 2020; 
(c) 
in respect of a Hellenic Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond or a Loan" that 
was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(d) 
in respect of a Ukraine Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 1 November 2015; or 
(e) 
in respect of a Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity, for so long as sanctions imposed by any 
and all Venezuelan Orders continue to subsist with respect to such Venezuelan Covered 
Reference Entity (as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee), means 
any obligation that is Restricted Debt. 
What is the impact of additional provisions applicable to the Republic of Hungary? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "Hungary Additional Provisions" are applicable, Obligations and 
Deliverable Obligations will include certain obligations of the National Bank of Hungary (either directly 
or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor.  
What is the impact of additional provisions applicable to the Russian Federation? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation (August 13, 2004)" 
are applicable, Obligations and Deliverable Obligations will exclude any obligations that are determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be IANs, MinFins or PRINs.  
What is the impact of the "2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions (December 2, 2020)" 
applicable to Limited Recourse Obligations? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions (December 2, 2020)" 
are applicable, while determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or the Due and Payable Amount of 
an obligation, the amounts determined will be required to take into account (and will therefore be reduced 
by) the application of any Limited Recourse Provisions. 
REFERENCE OBLIGATIONS 
What is a Standard Reference Obligation ? 
A Standard Reference Obligation is the obligation specified as the market standard reference obligation 
for the relevant Reference Entity for the relevant seniority level, as published on the relevant SRO list. 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" applies where there is no Standard Reference Obligation and a Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the Issue Terms, the Reference Obligation will be (a) the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard 
Reference Obligation and (b) the Standard Reference Obligation with the relevant Seniority Level with 
be the Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation 
that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation. The SRO

--- Page 519 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
519 
 
list for selected standard reference obligations selected by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee can be obtained at https://ihsmarkit.com or any successor webpage. Standard Reference 
Obligation could also be disapplied in the Issue Terms.  
Can a redeemed Reference Obligation be stipulated as a Reference Obligation? 
Yes. For the purpose of assessing the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
SUCCESSORS 
Is it possible to change a Reference Entity? 
The Reference Entity may not be changed unless a "Successor" determination has been made with respect 
to the Reference Entity on or after the "Successor Backstop Date" (or, in the case of a "Universal 
Successor", on or after 1 January 2014). 
A "Universal Successor" means, with respect to any Reference Entity (not being a sovereign entity), the 
single entity which assumes all of the obligations (including at least one relevant bond or loan) of the 
Reference Entity and at the time of the determination either (a) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, 
or (b) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (however described) and the Reference 
Entity has not issued or incurred any borrowed money obligation at any time since the legally effective 
date of the assumption. 
What is a "Successor" to the Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Credit Linked Notes? 
If the DC Secretary publicly announces that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved 
that a different entity or entities has or have become successor(s) to the original Reference Entity to 
which the Credit Linked Notes are linked, then such entity/ies may be identified as a "Successor" to the 
original Reference Entity. The Calculation Agent (being the Issuer or an Affiliate) may also, following 
a succession event, identify an entity or entities as a successor(s) to the original Reference Entity or in 
the case of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Index 
Sponsor may also following a succession, identify an entity or entities as a successor(s) to the original 
Reference Entity. 
A single entity, or one entity or one or more entities may either directly or as provider of a qualifying 
guarantee succeed to the Reference Entity based on whether the percentage of debt transferred satisfies 
certain specified thresholds but where a universal successor applies, the entity need only assume all of 
the obligations and at least one bond or loan or guarantee obligation in connection with either where at 
the time of determination certain conditions exist. If there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall 
consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single 
succession. 
An entity shall succeed to another entity if an entity other than the Reference Entity (a) assumes or 
becomes liable for the relevant obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement 
(including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, 
accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (b) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the "Exchange 
Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity 
is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a qualifying guarantee with respect to such Relevant 
Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. 
The identity of the original Reference Entity will be treated as having been amended accordingly for the 
purposes of the Credit Linked Notes so that, following the determination or announcement of a

--- Page 520 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
520 
 
"Successor", the Credit Linked Notes will be linked to the credit risk of the Successor. The credit risk 
associated with a Successor or Successors may be different from and could be greater than the credit risk 
associated with the original Reference Entity. 
The events which may lead to the determination or announcement of a Successor may occur at any time 
from and including the "Successor Backstop Date" (or, in the case of a "Universal Successor", on or after 
1 January 2014), which is a rolling date that is: 
(a) 
if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee receives a request to resolve whether or not 
there is one or more Successors to the Reference Entity, 90 calendar days prior to the date of 
such request; or 
(b) 
otherwise, 90 calendar days prior to the date on which an effective notice of the occurrence of 
a succession is delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent. 
Can a succession occur prior to the Issue Date? 
Yes. A succession may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur 
prior to the Trade Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The Successor Backstop Date may fall 
prior to the Trade Date and accordingly a succession may occur prior to the Trade Date. 
Noteholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the Reference 
Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to convene a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a succession has 
occurred with respect to the Reference Entity, details of such request may be found on the ISDA website 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/. 
Can a sovereign be subject to a succession ? 
Yes, where an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or 
other similar event occurs and the debt is transferred as described in "What is a "Successor" to the 
Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Credit Linked Notes?" above. 
Does the Calculation Agent have unfettered discretion to determine a Successor? 
No. Although the Calculation Agent has the right to make a determination as to whether or not a 
succession event has occurred, its right is limited by the Credit Linked Conditions as follows: the 
Calculation Agent (a) cannot make such a determination if a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has already determined that such an event does not constitute a succession event; (b) is 
required to act on the basis of Eligible Information and (c) is required to act in a commercially reasonable 
manner. In the case of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the Index Sponsor may make a successor determination if the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not identified a Successor. 
Can multiple successors be identified with respect to a Reference Entity? 
Yes, including the case where the original entity affected by the succession is also identified as a 
Successor. In such case where there are multiple successors, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any 
calculation amounts equally between the number of Successors and the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount for any Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, which occur shall be calculated on the basis 
of such apportioned amounts.

--- Page 521 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
521 
 
Where multiple successors are identified, multiple Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, and 
multiple Event Determination Dates or Risk Event Determination Dates, as applicable, may occur with 
respect to each Reference Entity save in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and the 
nth Reference Entity (where a Relevant Credit Event and Relevant Event Determination Date may occur 
only in relation to the nth Reference Entity).  
What sort of indices may be referenced by Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes may reference an index 
that is either an iTraxx® index or a CDX® index. 
The iTraxx indices cover the most liquid names in the European, Asian, Middle Eastern and African 
markets and the selection methodology ensures that the indices represent the most liquid parts of the 
market. For instance, the benchmark iTraxx® Europe Main index comprises European names with sub-
indices such as Markit iTraxx® Europe Senior Financials and Markit iTraxx® Subordinated Financials 
index. The iTraxx® Crossover index comprises most liquid sub-investment grade entities. The Asia-
Pacific iTraxx® indices cover the investment-grade iTraxx® Asia ex-Japan index, the iTraxx® Australia 
index and the iTraxx® Japan index. In addition, the iTraxx® CEEMEA index covers corporate and quasi-
sovereign entities from Central & Eastern European, Middle Eastern and African countries. 
CDX indices are a family of credit indices covering North America and emerging markets having a 
selection methodology representing the markets most liquid segments. They covers sub-indices including 
CDX® North American Investment Grade, CDX® North American Investment Grade High Volatility, 
CDX® North American High Yield, CDX® North American High Yield High Beta, CDX® Emerging 
Markets, CDX® Emerging Markets Diversified. Markit also publishes a CDS index of U.S. state and 
municipal Reference Entities commonly referred to as the MCDX® index. 
More information relating to the various credit indices and standard documentation published by the 
Index Sponsor can be obtained from: https://ihsmarkit.com/products.html.  
Important information in respect of Markit Indices 
Noteholders should note that important information about Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes referencing a Markit-published index (the "Index CDS") may be 
found on Markit's website at www.markit.com. The information on Markit's website includes the 
standard terms supplement for the applicable Index CDS, the most recent and archived annexes of 
Reference Entities for the applicable index and the rules of the applicable index. Markit publishes many 
of the most widely traded credit default swap indices. With respect to Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes based on an Index CDS, the Issue Terms will specify the 
relevant terms for that Index CDS published by Markit, the list of the relevant Index CDS (with the 
relevant annex date) to be incorporated as published by Markit and the effective date of that Index CDS.  
Markit CDX™ Markit iTraxx is a service mark of the Index Sponsor and has been licensed for use in 
connection with specified transactions. The Index referenced in any Credit Linked Notes is the property 
of the Index Sponsor and has been licensed for use in connection with specific transactions. The Credit 
Linked Notes are not sponsored, endorsed or promoted by the Index Sponsor or any participants under 
the Index Sponsor's rules governing the Index CDS (the "Index Sponsor", together with such 
participants, the "Index Parties"). The Index Parties make no representation whatsoever, whether 
express or implied, and hereby expressly disclaim all warranties (including, without limitation, those of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use), with respect to the Index or any data included 
therein or relating thereto, and in particular disclaim any warranty either as to the quality, accuracy and/or 
completeness of the Index or any data included therein, the results obtained from the use of the Index

--- Page 522 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
522 
 
CDS, the composition of the Index CDS at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise, and/or 
the creditworthiness of, or likelihood of the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to, any entity in 
the Index CDS at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise.  
Investors should note that the Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates shall not be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) for any error in the Index CDS, and the 
Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall are under no 
obligation to advise the parties or any person of any error therein. The Index Parties, the Issuer, 
Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall make no representation whatsoever, whether 
express or implied, as to the purchase of any Credit Linked Notes, or of assuming any risks in connection 
therewith. The Index Parties have no obligation to take the needs of any Investor into consideration in 
determining, composing or calculating the Index CDS. The Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall have no liability to any party for any act or failure to act by 
the Index Parties in connection with the determination, adjustment, calculation or maintenance of the 
Index CDS. Although the Calculation Agent or Issuer will obtain information concerning the Index from 
sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made, and no responsibility is accepted 
by the Issuer, Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates, as to the accuracy, completeness or 
timeliness of information concerning the Index CDS. 
DISCRETIONARY POWERS OF THE ISSUER AND THE CALCULATION AGENT 
What are some of the key determinations that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making in 
relation to Credit Linked Notes? 
Noteholders should note that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making certain determinations with 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, amongst other things: 
(a) 
in the absence of a resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee as to whether 
a Credit Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, electing whether to 
deliver a Credit Event Notice and supporting information in order to trigger settlement of the 
Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event;  
(b) 
where the Credit Event Redemption Amount is not determined by an Auction, determining the 
Final Price on the basis of bid quotations from third party dealers; 
(c) 
determining successor Reference Entities for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(d) 
determining substitute Reference Obligation(s) for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(e) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, determining the Exercise Amount of 
Credit Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring applies;  
(f) 
following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, where an Event Determination Date 
occurred on a date that is different from the date first determined or that no Event Determination 
Date occurred or occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, determining, acting in its 
sole and absolute discretion, any additional amount payable to the Noteholder(s) or any 
reduction in any subsequent amount that would otherwise subsequently be payable to the 
Noteholders and the date on which such adjustment payment is payable; and 
(g) 
determining whether a Merger Event or Substitution Event Date has occurred.

--- Page 523 ---
Frequently Asked Questions (Credit Linked Notes) 
 
523 
 
Noteholders should note that any determination and/or calculation made by the Calculation Agent shall, 
in the absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders.

--- Page 524 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
524 
 
ANNEX: WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
(2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
The worked examples below are in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes) for which "2014 Reference Entity" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and 
are included for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon. They are not an indication of 
the likely performance of, or amounts payable in respect of, the Credit Linked Notes. The inclusion or 
absence of any assumption or any other feature in any worked example in this Annex is not an indication 
that such assumption or feature will or will not exist in any Credit Linked Note. Prospective investors 
should conduct their own independent review and obtain such professional advice as they deem 
appropriate prior to any investment in the Credit Linked Notes. 
Unless otherwise expressly indicated, all amounts in this Annex are denominated in EUR. 
(i) 
SINGLE NAME CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND NTH-TO-DEFAULT BASKET 
CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of R1; 
(e) 
a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event occurs in respect of R1; and 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 65%.  
 
Based on these assumptions, the Applicable Proportion (Outstanding Nominal Amount 
(40,000,000) x 100%) would be 40,000,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 1,000 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
[(Applicable Proportion (40,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) – the Note's pro 
rata share of Unwind Costs (1,000)] would be 25,999,000. 
(b) 
25,999,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. Although the investor receives 
less than par, as the Applicable Proportion is written down reducing the original 
investment to zero, nothing remains outstanding.  
(c) 
As no further Credit Events can occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(Original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (40,000,000)) = 
0 on the Scheduled Maturity Date, i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing 
remains to be paid to the investor.

--- Page 525 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
525 
 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
(original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (40,000,000) + 
sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (in this case, there is only a single Auction 
Redemption Amount (26,000,000))) is paid. 26,000,000 will be the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount. 
 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of R1; 
(e) 
an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event occurs in respect of R1 with a partial 
exercise of 5,000,000; and 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions, the Applicable Proportion (Outstanding Nominal Amount 
(40,000,000) x Exercise Amount (5,000,000)/Original investment (40,000,000))) would be 
5,000,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 200 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
[(Applicable Proportion (5,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) – the Note's pro rata 
share of Unwind Costs (200)] would be 3,249,800.  
(b) 
3,249,800 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (5,000,000)) = 35,000,000 
is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero.

--- Page 526 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
526 
 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
(original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (5,000,000) + 
sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (in this case, there is only a single Auction 
Redemption Amount (3,250,000))) is paid. 38,250,000 will be the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount. 
 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
Scenario 2 (i.e. partial redemption of 5,000,000 following an M(M)R 
Restructuring) has occurred; 
(d) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously purchased or cancelled (but 
has been partially redeemed pursuant to (c) above); 
(e) 
a succession event has occurred in respect of R1 resulting in multiple successors 
(i.e. R1A and R1B); 
(f) 
a second Credit Event (this time, a Failure to Pay) occurs in respect of R1A; 
and 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 90%. 
 
Based on these assumptions: 
(a) 
following a Successor determination, the Calculation Agent would have adjusted the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Note equally between the Successors, giving each a 
partial nominal amount of 17,500,000 (original investment of 40,000,000 is reduced to 
35,000,000 following the earlier M(M)R Restructuring in respect of R1, leaving a 
balance aggregate nominal amount of 35,000,000. This is divided into 2 for each 
successor); and 
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion in respect of the Failure to Pay Credit Event (Outstanding 
Nominal Amount (40,000,000) x Single Name Partial Nominal Amount (17,500,000) 
/ Original investment (40,000,000)) would be 17,500,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 500 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
in respect of the Failure to Pay Credit Event [(Applicable Proportion (17,500,000) x 
Auction Final Price (90%)) – the Note's pro rata share of Unwind Costs (500)] would 
be 15,749,500. 
(b) 
15,749,500 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial 
redemption.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000 (for M(M)R

--- Page 527 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
527 
 
Restructuring) + 17,500,000 (for Failure to Pay))) = 17,500,000 (Unexercised portion 
in respect of Reference Entity R1B) is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
(original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000 (for 
(M(M)R Restructuring) + 17,500,000 (for Failure to Pay)) + sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (3,250,000 (M(M)R Restructuring) + 15,750,000 (Failure to 
Pay))) is paid. 36,500,000 will be Final Auction Redemption Amount. 
 
Scenario 4: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests in an EUR-denominated Single Name Credit Linked Note;  
(b) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Note is EUR 10,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note pays interest and principal to the investor in EUR; 
(d) 
due to the Issuer's funding arrangements, it receives amounts from its funding 
source only in USD; 
(e) 
since the Note is denominated in EUR but the Issuer receives funding in USD 
only, the Issuer enters into a cross-currency swap with a swap counterparty in 
order to hedge its exposure to fluctuations in the EURUSD exchange rate (the 
"Cross Currency Swap"); 
(f) 
during the life of the Cross Currency Swap, the Issuer (i) pays amounts it 
receives from its funding source (in USD) to the swap counterparty, and (ii) in 
return, receives payments (in EUR) from the swap counterparty in order to 
pay interest and principal to the investor in EUR; 
(g) 
the Issuer also enters into a credit default swap (with a notional amount of EUR 
10,000,000) to hedge its exposure under the Credit Linked Note; 
(h) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled; 
(i) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of R1; 
(j) 
a Bankruptcy Credit Event occurs in respect of R1; 
(k) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 65%; 
(l) 
the EURUSD exchange rate as at the Issue Date is 1.179 ("Initial Exchange 
Rate"); and

--- Page 528 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
528 
 
(m) 
if the Cross Currency Swap is unwound before its scheduled termination, a 
mark-to-market unwind amount is payable by the party that is out-of-the-
money under the Cross Currency Swap to the other party. 
 
Based on these assumptions, the Applicable Proportion would be EUR 10,000,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Cross Currency Swap is terminated early. Assume that, on the Credit Event 
Redemption Date, the Cross Currency Swap is out-of-the-money from the Issuer's 
perspective by an amount of EUR 2,593,458. This amount is payable by the Issuer to 
its swap counterparty under the Cross Currency Swap and, therefore, reflects the 
Unwind Costs to terminate the Cross Currency Swap. 
(b) 
The Auction Redemption Amount in respect of the Bankruptcy Credit Event 
[(Applicable Proportion (EUR 10,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) – the Note's 
pro rata share of Unwind Costs (EUR 2,593,458)] would be EUR 3,906,542. 
(c) 
EUR 3,906,542 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. Although the investor 
receives less than par, as the Applicable Proportion is written down reducing the 
original investment to zero, nothing remains outstanding.  
(d) 
As no further Credit Events can occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(Original investment (EUR 10,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (EUR 
10,000,000)) = 0 on the Scheduled Maturity Date, i.e. the notional is reduced to zero. 
Nothing remains to be paid to the investor. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, the Cross Currency Swap is not terminated on the occurrence of the 
Credit Event but continues to run to maturity. Accordingly, the Issuer does not incur 
any Unwind Costs in respect of the Cross Currency Swap and, therefore, the Unwind 
Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
(original investment (EUR 10,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (EUR 
10,000,000) + sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (in this case, there is only a 
single Auction Redemption Amount (EUR 6,500,000) calculated as (Applicable 
Proportion (EUR 10,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%) – Unwind Costs (zero)))) 
is paid. EUR 6,500,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount.

--- Page 529 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
529 
 
Scenario 5: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, 
with the basket comprising three Reference Entities, R1, R2 and R3 (where 'n' 
= 3); 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled; 
(d) 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred in respect of R2;  
(e) 
a second Credit Event (this time, a Failure to Pay) occurs in respect of R3; 
(f) 
a third Credit Event (this time, a Bankruptcy) occurs in respect of R1; and 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the first Credit Event in respect of R2 will be disregarded (since it isn't the nth Reference 
Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred); 
(b) 
the second Credit Event in respect of R3 will be disregarded (since it isn't the nth 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred); 
(c) 
the third Credit Event in respect of R1 will trigger a Credit Event (since it is the third 
(i.e. the "nth") Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred); and 
(d) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x 100%) would be 
40,000,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 1000 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
[(Applicable Proportion (40,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) – the Note's pro 
rata share of Unwind Costs (1000)] would be 25,999,000. 
(b) 
25,999,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date.  
(c) 
As no further Credit Events can occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (40,000,000)) = 
0 on the Scheduled Maturity Date, i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing 
remains to be paid to the investor. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero.

--- Page 530 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
530 
 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
(original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (40,000,000) + 
sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (in this case, there is only a single Auction 
Redemption Amount (26,000,000))) is paid. 26,000,000 will be the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount.  
(ii) 
LINEAR BASKET CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND INDEX UNTRANCHED CREDIT 
LINKED NOTES 
 
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the 
basket comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and 
R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Bankruptcy Credit Event occurs in respect of R1; and 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
since the four Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 25% each), the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount = 10,000,000 per Reference Entity; and 
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Reference Entity 
Notional Amount (10,000,000/original investment (40,000,000))) would be 
10,000,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 750 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
[(Applicable Proportion (10,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) – the Note's pro 
rata share of Unwind Costs (750)] would be 6,499,250. 
(b) 
6,499,250 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (10,000,000)) = 
30,000,000 is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 531 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
531 
 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
(original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (10,000,000) + 
sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (in this case, there is only a single Auction 
Redemption Amount (6,500,000))) is paid. 36,500,000 will be the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount. 
 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the 
basket comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and 
R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial redemption of 10,000,000 following a Bankruptcy Credit 
Event) has occurred in respect of R1; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously purchased or cancelled (but 
has been partially redeemed pursuant to (d) above); 
(f) 
a second Credit Event (this time, an M(M)R Restructuring) occurs in respect 
of R2 with a partial exercise of 5,000,000; and 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions, the Applicable Proportion in respect of the M(M)R Restructuring 
Credit Event (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Exercise Amount (5,000,000/original 
investment (40,000,000)) would be 5,000,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 400 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
in respect of the M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event [(Applicable Proportion 
(5,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) – the Note's pro rata share of Unwind Costs 
(400)] would be 3,249,600. 
(b) 
3,249,600 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for 
Bankruptcy) + 5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring))) = 25,000,000 is paid on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 532 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
532 
 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
(original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for 
Bankruptcy) + 5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring)) + sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (6,500,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 3,250,000 (for M(M)R 
Restructuring))) is paid. 34,750,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount. 
 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the 
basket comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and 
R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial redemption of 10,000,000 following a Bankruptcy Credit 
Event) has occurred in respect of R1; 
(d) 
Scenario 2 (i.e. partial redemption of 5,000,000 following an M(M)R 
Restructuring Credit Event) has occurred in respect of R2; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously purchased or cancelled (but 
has been partially redeemed pursuant to (c) and (d) above); 
(f) 
a succession event has occurred in respect of R2 resulting in multiple successors 
(i.e. R2A and R2B); 
(g) 
a third Credit Event (this time, a Failure to Pay) occurs in respect of R2A; and 
(h) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 90%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
following a Successor determination, the Calculation Agent would have adjusted the 
outstanding Reference Entity Notional Amount equally between the Successors, giving 
each a partial nominal amount of 2,500,000 (original Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of 10,000,000 is reduced to 5,000,000 following the earlier M(M)R 
Restructuring in respect of R2, leaving a balance aggregate nominal amount of 
5,000,000. This is divided into 2 for each successor); and 
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion in respect of the Failure to Pay Credit Event (Specified 
Denomination (40,000,000) x Partial Nominal Amount (2,500,000/original investment 
(40,000,000))) would be 2,500,000.

--- Page 533 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
533 
 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 100 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
in respect of the Failure to Pay Credit Event [(Applicable Proportion (2,500,000) x 
Auction Final Price (90%)) – the Note's pro rata share of Unwind Costs (100)] would 
be 2,249,900. 
(b) 
2,249,900 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for 
Bankruptcy) + 5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring) + 2,500,000 (Failure to Pay)) = 
22,500,000 (being the total Reference Entity Notional Amounts of unaffected 
Reference Entities R3 and R4 and the unexercised portion of R2) is paid on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
(original investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for 
Bankruptcy) + 5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring) + 2,500,000 (Failure to Pay)) + 
sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (6,500,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 3,250,000 (for 
M(M)R Restructuring) + 2,250,000 (Failure to Pay)) is paid. 34,500,000 will be the 
Final Auction Redemption Amount.  
(iii) 
INDEX TRANCHED CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND PORTFOLIO TRANCHED 
CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, with 
the Index comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche 
being 0-5%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Credit Event (regardless of whether M(M)R Restructuring or not) occurs in 
respect of Rx; and 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 65%.

--- Page 534 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
534 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size (i.e. original investment (10,000,000)/ Tranche Size (5%)) 
= 200,000,000; 
(b) 
since the 100 Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 1% each), the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000)/ Reference Entity 
Weighting (1%)) = 2,000,000 per Reference Entity; 
(c) 
the Loss Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x Attachment 
Point (0%)) = 0; 
(d) 
the Recovery Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x (100% - 
Exhaustion Point (5%)) = 190,000,000; 
(e) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss 
Amount; (y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject 
to a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before 
applying any current default reduction). In this case: 
− 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (2,000,000) 
x (100% - Auction Final Price (65%)) = 700,000. 
− 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Loss Amount would be 700,000 and 
after deducting the Loss Threshold Amount of 0, the calculation for (y) would 
be 700,000.  
− 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit 
Event) would be 10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 700,000. Therefore, the 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 700,000. 
(f) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the 
Recovery Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery 
Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (before applying any current default reduction). In this case: 
− 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx 
(2,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) = 1,300,000. 
− 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Recovery Amount would be 
1,300,000. If we deducted the Recovery Threshold Amount of 190,000,000, 
this would be floored at zero given it is a negative number and the calculation 
for (y) would be 0. 
− 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit 
Event) would be 10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the Index 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount would be 0.

--- Page 535 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
535 
 
(g) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
(0) + the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (700,000)) = 700,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is reduced by 700,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event 
Determination Date. This would be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 100 are determined. The Index Tranched Redemption 
Amount [i.e. max (0, the Note's pro rata share of (i) the Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount (0) – (ii) Unwind Costs (100))] = 0 and accordingly, no redemption 
amounts are payable to the investor.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original 
investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000)) = 
9,300,000 is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount 
(original investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000) 
+ sum of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0)) is paid. 9,300,000 
will be the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount. 
 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, with 
the Index comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche 
being 0-5%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial writedown of 700,000 following the Credit Event) has 
occurred; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously purchased or cancelled (but 
has been partially written down pursuant to (d) above); 
(f) 
five Credit Events occur (with each having the same Event Determination 
Date) in respect of Rx; and 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 0%.

--- Page 536 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
536 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss 
Amount; (y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject 
to a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before 
applying any current default reduction). In this case: 
− 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 5 Reference 
Entities (2,000,000 x 5) x (100% - Auction Final Price (0%)) = 10,000,000. 
− 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the loss of 700,000 in respect of the 
first Credit Event) and after deducting the Loss Threshold Amount of 0 would 
be 10,700,000.  
− 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (including the previous writedown of 700,000) would be 
9,300,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 9,300,000. Therefore, 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 9,300,000. 
(b) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the 
Recovery Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery 
Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (before applying any current default reduction). In this case: 
− 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 5 
Reference Entities (2,000,000 x 5) x Auction Final Price (0%)) = 0. 
− 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (including the recovery of 1,300,000 in 
respect of the first Credit Event) would be 0. If we deducted the Recovery 
Threshold Amount of 190,000,000, this would be floored at zero given it is a 
negative number and the calculation for (y) would be 0. 
− 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (including the previous writedown of 700,000) would be 
9,300,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the Index 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount would be 0. 
(c) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
(0) + the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (9,300,000) = 9,300,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is further reduced by 9,300,000 (i.e. the 
Principal Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event 
Determination Date. This would be a further partial writedown. 
(b) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 500 are determined. The Index Tranched Redemption 
Amount [i.e. max (0, the Note's pro rata share of (i) the Index Tranched Incurred

--- Page 537 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
537 
 
Recovery Amount (0) – (ii) Unwind Costs (500))] = 0 and accordingly, no redemption 
amounts are payable to the investor.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount 
(original investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000 + 
9,300,000) + sum of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0)) = 0 on 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing 
remains to be paid to the investor. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount 
(original investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000 + 
9,300,000) + sum of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0)) = 0, 
i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the investor. 
 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, 
with the portfolio comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the 
Tranche being 80-100%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Credit Event (regardless of whether M(M)R Restructuring or not) occurs in 
respect of Rx; and 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size (i.e. original investment (10,000,000)/ Tranche Size (20%)) 
= 50,000,000; 
(b) 
since the 100 Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 1% each), the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (50,000,000) x Reference Entity 
Weighting (1%)) = 500,000 per Reference Entity; 
(c) 
the Loss Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (50,000,000) x Attachment 
Point (80%)) = 40,000,000;

--- Page 538 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
538 
 
(d) 
the Recovery Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x (100% - 
Exhaustion Point (100%)) = 0; 
(e) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the 
Loss Amount; (y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount 
(subject to a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(before applying any current default reduction). In this case: 
− 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (500,000) x 
(100% - Auction Final Price (65%)) = 175,000. 
− 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Loss Amount would be 175,000. If 
we deducted the Loss Threshold Amount of 40,000,000, this would be floored 
at zero given it is a negative number and the calculation for (y) would be 0. 
− 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit 
Event) would be 10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 0. 
(f) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) 
the Recovery Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery 
Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (before applying any current default reduction). In this case: 
− 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx 
(500,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) = 325,000. 
− 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Recovery Amount would be 325,000 
and after deducting the Recovery Threshold Amount of 0, the calculation for 
(y) would be 325,000. 
− 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit 
Event) would be 10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 325,000. Therefore, the 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount would be 325,000. 
(g) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery 
Amount (325,000) + the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (0) = 325,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is reduced by 325,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event 
Determination Date. This would be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 200 are determined. The Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount [i.e. max (0, the Note's pro rata share of (i) the Portfolio Tranched Incurred

--- Page 539 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
539 
 
Recovery Amount (325,000) – Unwind Costs (200))] = 324,800 is paid on the Auction 
Redemption Date.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original 
investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000)) = 
9,675,000 is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount 
(original investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000) 
+ sum of all Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts (325,000)) is paid. 10,000,000 
will be the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount. 
 
Scenario 4: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, 
with the portfolio comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the 
Tranche being 80-100%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Scenario 3 (i.e. partial writedown of 325,000 following a Credit Event) has 
occurred in respect of Rx; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously purchased or cancelled (but 
has been partially written down pursuant to (d) above); 
(f) 
90 Credit Events occur (with each having the same Event Determination Date) 
in respect of Rx; and 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an 
assumed Auction Final Price of 10%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the 
Loss Amount; (y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount 
(subject to a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(before applying any current default reduction). In this case: 
− 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 90 Reference 
Entities (500,000 x 90) x (100% - Auction Final Price (10%)) = 40,500,000.

--- Page 540 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
540 
 
− 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the loss of 175,000 in respect of the 
first Credit Event) and after deducting the Loss Threshold Amount of 
40,000,000 would be 675,000.  
− 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (including the previous writedown of 325,000) would be 
9,675,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 675,000. Therefore, the 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 675,000. 
(b) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) 
the Recovery Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery 
Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (before applying any current default reduction). In this case: 
− 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 90 
Reference Entities (500,000 x 90) x Auction Final Price (10%)) = 4,500,000. 
− 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (including the recovery of 325,000 in 
respect of the first Credit Event) and after deducting the Recovery Threshold 
Amount of 0 would be 4,825,000. 
− 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount (including the previous writedown of 325,000) would be 
9,675,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 4,500,000. Therefore, 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount would be 4,500,000. 
(c) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery 
Amount 4,500,000) + the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (675,000) = 
5,175,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is further reduced by 5,175,000 (i.e. the 
Principal Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event 
Determination Date. This would be a further partial writedown. 
(b) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 1,500 are determined. The Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount [i.e. max (0, the Note's pro rata share of (i) the Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (4,500,000) – Unwind Costs (1,500))] = 
4,498,500 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original 
investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000 + 
5,175,000)) = 4,500,000 is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 541 ---
Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Conditions 
 
541 
 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the Note redeems at maturity 
only. In this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, 
therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount 
(original investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000 + 
5,175,000) + sum of all Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts (325,000 + 
4,500,000)) is paid. 9,325,000 will be the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption 
Amount. 
 
Note: In respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the examples above assume that no Credit 
Events have occurred in respect of Reference Entities referenced by the relevant Index at the Trade 
Date (or prior to the Issue Date). If such Credit Events have occurred, the incurred loss amounts and 
incurred recovery amounts in respect of such Reference Entities (i.e. the Settled Entities) would need 
to be factored in while calculating the aggregate losses and aggregate recoveries and the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount would need to be reduced by the settled entity incurred loss and settled 
entity incurred recovery on the Issue Date.

--- Page 542 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
542 
 
PART B: CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY)  
The Credit Linked Conditions of the Notes set out the specific terms and conditions that apply to only 
Credit Linked Notes for which "2014 Reference Entity" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, where this Part B applies, Part C (Credit Linked Conditions (2003 
Reference Entity)) will not apply. 
The Credit Linked Conditions set out the economic or 'payout' terms of the Credit Linked Notes. These 
are optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of Credit Linked 
Notes. The applicable Issue Terms will specify which of the provisions apply to that Series of Credit 
Linked Notes. 
The provisions in this Part B are the conditions (the "Credit Linked Conditions") that will apply to the 
Notes if the applicable Issue Terms provide that "Credit Linked Notes" are applicable (the "Credit 
Linked Notes") and "2014 Reference Entity" is applicable. These Credit Linked Conditions apply as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable. In the case of any inconsistency between these Credit Linked 
Conditions, the General Conditions and any other Schedule, these Credit Linked Conditions will prevail. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any clarificatory language herein in italicised shall not form part of the 
Credit Linked Conditions. 
Words and expressions defined or used in the applicable Issue Terms shall have the same meanings 
where used in these Credit Linked Conditions, General Conditions and any other Schedule unless the 
context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these 
Credit Linked Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the Credit 
Linked Notes will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Issue Terms. References in these 
Credit Linked Conditions to "Credit Linked Notes" are to the Credit Linked Notes, as the case may be, 
of one Series only, not to all Credit Linked Notes that may be issued under the Programme. In respect of 
Credit Linked Notes which specify more than one Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms, all 
references in these Credit Linked Conditions to "the Reference Entity" shall be construed to refer to "a 
Reference Entity" or the "relevant Reference Entity" in respect of which the relevant determination is 
made at any relevant time and all related provisions and determinations will be construed accordingly. 
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Credit Linked Conditions to a Credit Linked Condition 
are to the corresponding provision of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Redemption on the Scheduled Maturity Date where no Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event has occurred 
Unless the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled by the Issuer, provided that a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable, has not occurred and subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall 
be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date at the Maturity Redemption Amount or, in the 
case of a Single Name Credit Linked Note, a Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or 
a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note to which Credit Linked Condition 1(b) (Redemption 
by instalments) applies, its final Instalment Redemption Amount.

--- Page 543 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
543 
 
(b) 
Redemption by instalments 
(i) 
Where the Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are Instalment Notes, unless 
the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled by the Issuer, provided that a Relevant Event Determination Date or a 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has not occurred and subject 
to paragraph (ii) below and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date 
Extension), such Instalment Notes shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date 
at the related Instalment Redemption Amount. The outstanding nominal amount of 
each such Credit Linked Note shall be reduced by the relevant Instalment Redemption 
Amount (or, if such Instalment Redemption Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the nominal amount of such Credit Linked Note, such proportion) for all 
purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment 
Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount 
shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Due Date relating to such Instalment 
Redemption Amount. 
(ii) 
Where the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to an Instalment Date, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, that one of the circumstances set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) has occurred, it shall 
notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. Following such notification, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), any Instalment 
Redemption Amounts due and payable in respect of such Instalment Date and each 
subsequent Instalment Date in each case in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
1(b) (Redemption by instalments) will, until a determination is made by the Calculation 
Agent to the contrary pursuant to paragraph (iii) below, be suspended as of such 
Instalment Date. The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices) as soon as reasonably 
practicable if any payment of Instalment Redemption Amounts on their Notes is 
suspended pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 1(b)(ii). 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that one of the 
circumstances set out in Credit Linked Condition 2(d) (Payment of Suspended Interest 
following announcement by the DC Secretary or determination by the Calculation 
Agent) has occurred, the Credit Linked Notes then outstanding will be partially 
redeemed in an amount equal to the Instalment Redemption Amounts that were 
suspended pursuant to paragraph (ii) above no later than 10 Business Days following 
(I) in the case of Credit Linked Condition 2(d)(i)(A), the relevant announcement by 
the DC Secretary or (II) otherwise, the date on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, 
as applicable, can no longer occur (taking into consideration any Notice Delivery 
Period, Post Dismissal Additional Period, the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal, the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement and 
any Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-Off Date, as 
applicable) or the LA Cut-off Date, as applicable. In such case, no interest or other sum 
shall be payable in respect of the postponement of the payment of such amount.

--- Page 544 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
544 
 
(c) 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, and a corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date or 
a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has occurred:  
(i) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will redeem 
such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes); 
(ii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer 
will redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes); 
(iii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes); 
(iv) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes); 
(v) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
write down such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes); 
(vi) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
write down such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes);  
(vii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the 
Issuer will redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 9 (Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes); and 
(viii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer 
will redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 10 (Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes), 
in each case subject to Credit Linked Conditions 16 (M(M)R Restructuring), 23 (Effect of DC 
Resolutions), 24 (Successor Provisions) or, in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes only, Credit Linked Condition 9(g) 
(Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event) or Credit Linked Condition 10(g) 
(Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event), in each case as applicable.  
Upon discharge by the Issuer of its payment or delivery obligations on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date (or, if the Issuer does not have any payment or delivery obligations, upon the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date) pursuant to Credit Linked 
Conditions 17 (Auction Redemption Terms), 18 (Cash Redemption Terms), 19 (Physical 
Redemption Terms) or 20 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms), as applicable, or otherwise 
provided herein, the Issuer's obligations in respect of such portion of each Credit Linked Note 
affected by the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, shall be discharged 
in full.

--- Page 545 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
545 
 
As a result of one or more Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, Noteholders may receive 
less than the principal amount of a Credit Linked Note (and such amount may be zero). Any 
shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Early redemption other than following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant 
Risk Event 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early: 
(i) 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions;  
(ii) 
following, if applicable, a Merger Event pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 21 
(Redemption upon Merger Event); or 
(iii) 
following, if applicable, the redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 26(c) (Redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only 
Series),  
each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed by payment of its Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Substitution Event 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, on the Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date 
or Substitution Event Date, as applicable, in each case, in accordance with the applicable 
Conditions. 
Where Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are also Zero 
Coupon Notes, the Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
shall be the Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in these Credit Linked Conditions, if a Relevant Credit 
Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, occurs immediately after an event triggering 
early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes (as described above), the occurrence of the 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, will be disregarded (to the extent 
that the relevant Credit Linked Notes have not already been redeemed in full and cancelled) and 
the Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount, as applicable, payable to Noteholders will be 
determined on the basis of the event triggering early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes 
only. 
2. 
Interest or premium on Credit Linked Notes  
(a) 
Accrual of Interest where a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date has not occurred 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event), and provided that 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled: 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, interest (if any) shall accrue on 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes in accordance 
with General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule (as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented

--- Page 546 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
546 
 
by the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable) to (but excluding) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes) and 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes); and 
(ii) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, the LA Interest Amount specified in respect of each Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms shall be payable in the Settlement 
Currency on such Interest Payment Date, subject to Credit Linked Condition 9 (Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes) and 10 (Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes), as applicable.  
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue on any Credit Linked Note on or after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.  
(b) 
Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and/or the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event, as applicable, and a corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable, the payment of interest (if any) in respect of the 
Applicable Proportion of each relevant Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note) on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date or the payment of the LA Interest Amount (if any) in respect of each Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, as applicable, on 
the relevant LA Interest Payment Date, as determined in accordance with and subject to Credit 
Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes), 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes), 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes), 9 
(Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes) or 10 (Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes), as applicable, will be suspended as of: 
(i) 
if "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(x) 
the Interest Payment Date or LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, 
immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable; or 
(y) 
where there is no Interest Payment Date or LA Interest Payment Date, as 
applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
if "Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the applicable Issue Terms, the first Business 
Day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable.  
In such case: 
(x) 
in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked

--- Page 547 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
547 
 
Note), interest shall accrue on the Applicable Proportion of such Credit 
Linked Note: 
(I) 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date, or (where there 
is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date), the Issue Date 
(II) 
to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date; or 
(y) 
in respect of each relevant Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or 
a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, the LA Interest Amount 
corresponding to the relevant LA Interest Payment Date shall be payable if, 
and only if, an LA Interest Payment Date occurs during the period: 
(I) 
from (and including) the LA Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, or (where 
there is no LA Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date), the Issue Date; 
(II) 
to (and including) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date. 
(c) 
Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, a potential Credit 
Event or a potential Risk Event 
Subject to Credit Linked Conditions 2(d) (Payment of Suspended Interest following 
announcement by the DC Secretary or determination by the Calculation Agent), 2(e) (Payment 
of Suspended Interest and reduction of future Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) and 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), if, on or 
prior to an Interest Payment Date or an LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, the Calculation 
Agent determines that: 
(i) 
an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been submitted in respect of which a DC 
Resolution (including, but not limited to, a DC Credit Event Announcement, a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement or a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal) has not been 
published or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved 
whether it will convene a meeting to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question; or 
(ii) 
a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, and corresponding 
Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, 
has been provided to the Issuer and/or the Noteholders,  
the payment of any interest in respect of the Applicable Proportion or of the LA Interest 
Amount, as applicable, will be suspended as of the Interest Payment Date or the LA Interest 
Payment Date, as applicable, on or immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, or, where there is no Interest 
Payment Date or LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding such 
Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, 
the Issue Date, notwithstanding that a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable, has not then occurred, provided that, in respect of 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes

--- Page 548 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
548 
 
only, the Calculation Agent will determine whether the payment of the LA Interest Amount for 
the relevant LA Interest Payment Date need not be suspended (due to such payment being 
unaffected by the potential Risk Event), in which case such suspension will not apply and the 
LA Interest Amount will be payable as usual on the relevant LA Interest Payment Date.  
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 28 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable if any payment of interest on their 
Notes is suspended pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 2(c). 
The Applicable Proportion of each relevant Credit Linked Note shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (i) on the assumption that (x) a Relevant Credit Event would result in a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, (y) the Relevant Credit Event will not be an M(M)R 
Restructuring and (z) where any Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, is required to 
determine the portion of the Credit Linked Notes subject to interest suspension, a Fixed 
Recovery Percentage of zero per cent. will apply and (ii) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 
(Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes) and 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes), as 
applicable. 
Except for such portion of interest that is suspended in respect of each Credit Linked Note, 
payment of any interest on the remaining portion of the relevant Credit Linked Note (which is 
unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable), if applicable, 
will be payable to Noteholders as usual on the relevant Interest Payment Date or LA Interest 
Payment Date, as applicable. 
(d) 
Payment of Suspended Interest following announcement by the DC Secretary or determination 
by the Calculation Agent  
If: 
(i) 
in connection with an Applicable DC Credit Event Question: 
(A) 
an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs; or 
(B) 
an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs or the DC 
Secretary announces that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
will not be convening to Resolve the relevant Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question;  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Event Determination Date or a 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can no longer occur; or  
(iii) 
the LA Cut-Off Date in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, has occurred, 
as applicable, payment of the suspended interest will be made no later than 10 Business Days 
following (I) in the case of Credit Linked Condition 2(d)(i)(A) above, the relevant 
announcement by the DC Secretary or (II) otherwise, the date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, can no longer occur (taking into consideration any Notice Delivery Period, 
Post Dismissal Additional Period, the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal, the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement and any Standard

--- Page 549 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
549 
 
Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-Off Date, as applicable) or the LA Cut-
off Date, as applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall continue to be suspended until a relevant 
announcement by the DC Secretary (as described above) occurs, the Calculation Agent 
determines that no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date (as applicable) can occur or an LA Cut-Off Date occurs. In such circumstances, 
Noteholders may not receive any interest for multiple Interest Periods and no liability shall 
attach to the Issuer for any such non-payment of interest. 
(e) 
Payment of Suspended Interest and reduction of future Interest following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event 
If, a Relevant Event Determination Date occurs or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
occurs on or prior to the LA Cut-Off Date: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) is greater 
than the amount of interest that should have been suspended (taking into consideration 
the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant 
Credit Event or, in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the relevant LA Interest Amount, as 
applicable), the Issuer shall pay an amount equal to: 
(x) 
the interest amount actually suspended; minus 
(y) 
the interest amount that should have been suspended, 
no later than 10 Business Days following the date of such determination by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) is less than 
the amount of interest that should have been suspended (taking into consideration the 
Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant 
Credit Event or, in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the relevant LA Interest Amount, as 
applicable), the Issuer shall deduct the absolute value of (x) the interest amount 
actually suspended minus (y) the interest amount that should have been suspended (the 
absolute value of such amount, the "Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount") from 
future payments of Interest Amounts until the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount is 
reduced to zero, provided that if there is an outstanding Interest Suspension Shortfall 
Amount at the time that the Credit Linked Notes are being redeemed or written down 
in full (whether at maturity or upon early redemption), such interest shall be deducted 
from any amount payable to Noteholders at such time, or where "Physical 
Redemption" or "LA Physical Redemption" applies, Delivery of the relevant assets 
shall take into account any reduction as is required to be effected.  
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount cannot be 
deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being

--- Page 550 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
550 
 
insufficient), the Issuer shall have no further claims against the Noteholders for any 
amounts not deducted. 
(f) 
Calculation of the Auction Redemption Amount or Cash Redemption Amount following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
This Credit Linked Condition 2(f) applies only in relation to Credit Linked Notes which are 
Zero Coupon Notes if “Premium Accreted Amount” applies in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Premium Accreted Amount up to and including the Relevant Event Determination Date. 
(g) 
Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
or Relevant Risk Event 
This Credit Linked Condition 2(g) applies only if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, 
notwithstanding the suspension of interest pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event), the relevant Credit Payment on Maturity Amount shall accrue interest at 
the Funding Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period (regardless of whether "No Interest 
Accrual on Default" or "Interest Accrual on Default" applies), from (and including) the first 
Business Day immediately following the (x) Relevant Event Determination Date or (y) Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, to (but excluding in the case of paragraphs (i) 
and (ii) below and including in the case of paragraph (iii) below) the earliest to occur of:  
(i) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption 
Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable; and  
(iii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are redeeming in full following a Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, corresponding to the Credit 
Event Redemption Date which results in the relevant Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full,  
such interest, the "Funding Interest Amount". 
3. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 3 shall not apply to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of any one Reference Entity and,

--- Page 551 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
551 
 
accordingly, Noteholders are exposed to the credit risk of such Reference Entity only (subject 
to the Successor provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions)). 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Single Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 16 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 24 (Successor Provisions).  
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of such Single Name Credit Linked Note; and  
(ii) 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R 
Restructuring or no successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount 
divided by (II) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Single Name Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit 
Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event); 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Single Name 
Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule to (but 
excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur 
of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, the Optional 
Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event 
Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date 
which results in the Single Name Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and  
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(g) (Accrual of Interest at

--- Page 552 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
552 
 
Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are 
redeemed in full;  
(iii) 
if the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, (x) the Issuer 
will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note in accordance 
with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" 
Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Physical Redemption" Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in 
the Issue Terms and (y) where a Credit Linked Note is an Instalment Note, from (and including) 
the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, any Instalment Redemption Amount(s) 
relating to such Applicable Proportion that is due and payable on any Instalment Date(s) will 
be disregarded and any future Instalment Redemption Amount(s) relating to the outstanding 
portion (if any) of such Credit Linked Note shall be proportionately reduced as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.  
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 553 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
553 
 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the 
Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the 
Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the 
Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 
(Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption Terms).

--- Page 554 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
554 
 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the 
Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note as if Physical 
Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single 
Name Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Noteholder of the Physical Redemption 
Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each Noteholder of 
any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash Redemption Amount and/or 
any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where applicable) in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 19 (Physical Redemption Terms).  
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such Single 
Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
4. 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 4 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities. All 
Reference Entities in the basket are subject to the occurrence of one or more Credit Events; 
however, redemption is only triggered if a Credit Event occurs in respect of the nth Reference

--- Page 555 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
555 
 
Entity (and such Credit Event in respect of the nth Reference Entity will be a Relevant Credit 
Event for the purpose of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes).  
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit 
Linked Conditions 16 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 24 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R 
Restructuring or no successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount 
divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Nth-to-Default Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit 
Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
or Relevant Risk Event); 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in 
accordance with General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) 
the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption 
Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, 
which results in the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, 
and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date which results in the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on

--- Page 556 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
556 
 
Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(g) (Accrual of Interest 
at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are 
redeemed in full;  
(iii) 
if the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date (which, for 
the avoidance of doubt, needs to have occurred in respect of the nth Reference Entity), the Issuer 
will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note in 
accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Cash 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Physical Redemption" Credit Event 
Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, 
as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 557 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
557 
 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption 
Date at the Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note 
(if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note 
on the Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Auction Redemption 
Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion 
of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note as if Cash Redemption had been 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date 
at the Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 18 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note 
(if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the 
Final Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption Terms).

--- Page 558 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
558 
 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note as if Physical 
Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Noteholder of the Physical 
Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Noteholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount and/or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where applicable) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Physical Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity 
Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date 
Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
5. 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 5 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities. If a 
Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity (not affecting the other Reference Entity/ies

--- Page 559 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
559 
 
in the basket), such Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part to reflect the 
loss suffered in respect of such Affected Reference Entity and accordingly, Noteholders are 
exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the basket. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 16 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 24 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(x) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the relevant Affected Reference 
Entity immediately prior to the Relevant Credit Event, divided by (II) the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or no 
successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount 
divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Linear Basket Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event 
is not an M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event); and 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event, in accordance with 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule to (but

--- Page 560 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
560 
 
excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur 
of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) an Early Redemption Date, Optional 
Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event 
Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date 
which results in the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(g) (Accrual of Interest at 
Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are 
redeemed in full;  
(iii) 
if the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note in accordance with 
the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, the "Physical Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or 
the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 561 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
561 
 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at 
the Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the 
Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion 
of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as 
the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the 
Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 
(Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 562 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
562 
 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes as if Physical Redemption had 
been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Noteholder of the Physical Redemption 
Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each Noteholder of 
any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash Redemption Amount and/or 
any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where applicable) in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 19 (Physical Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
6. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index

--- Page 563 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
563 
 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of the performance of component 
Reference Entities of a specified Index (which will be either an iTraxx® or CDX index®). 
If a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes will be redeemed in part to reflect the loss suffered in respect of such Affected Reference 
Entity and accordingly, Noteholders are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in 
the Index in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the Index. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 16 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 24 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(x) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the relevant Affected Reference 
Entity immediately prior to the Relevant Credit Event, divided by (II) the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or no 
successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, 
divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an 
M(M)R Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Index Untranched 
Partial Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant 
Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs 
pursuant to application of Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor 
Provisions)).

--- Page 564 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
564 
 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event); and 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance 
with General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule to (but 
excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur 
of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, the Optional 
Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption 
Date which results in the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in 
full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(g) (Accrual of Interest at 
Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are 
redeemed in full; or  
(iii) 
if the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable.

--- Page 565 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
565 
 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note in accordance 
with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event 
Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date 
at the Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on 
the Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion 
of each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note as if Cash Redemption had been 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at

--- Page 566 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
566 
 
the Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 
(Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Amendment to Index Annex 
The Index Annex will be deemed amended from time to time to reflect any modifications 
resulting from Credit Linked Conditions 24 (Successor Provisions), 26(a) (Standard Reference 
Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation) and 26(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation) and the definitions of Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Standard Reference 
Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Successor as set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 31 (Definitions). 
(h) 
Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, neither the 
Calculation Agent nor the Issuer may deliver a Credit Event Notice or a Successor Notice unless 
a notice has previously been delivered to the DC Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules 
requesting that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to 
Resolve a DC Credit Event Question or one or more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, 
as applicable, with respect to the facts described in with respect to the facts described in such 
Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, and either (i) a DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal has occurred, (ii) the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant

--- Page 567 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
567 
 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a determination or (iii) 
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the conditions to convening the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve such matter have not been satisfied in 
accordance with the DC Rules. Any Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, 
delivered in breach of the requirements in this Credit Linked Condition 6(h) shall be deemed 
not to have been delivered. 
(i) 
Restructurings in respect of component Reference Entities of an Index 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, if a DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a component 
Reference Entity of the relevant Index (such Reference Entity, a "Restructured Entity"), from 
(and including) the calendar day immediately following the date of such DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the relevant Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended without 
the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the following terms: 
(i) 
the Restructured Entity will be deemed to have been removed from the Index and the 
Index Annex; and 
(ii) 
the portion of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes relating to such Restructured 
Entity will not redeem but will instead continue as Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
referencing the Restructured Entity with the same economic terms and conditions that 
such Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes had immediately before such DC Credit 
Event Announcement, except that the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6(i) 
shall not apply (such new Credit Linked Notes, the "New Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes") and if exercised, the Applicable Proportion of each New Single Name Credit 
Linked Note will redeem in accordance with the provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 6(f) (Redemption following a Credit Event); and 
(iii) 
following such event, and unless Resolved otherwise by a relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee, such New Single Name Credit Linked Notes (referencing 
solely the Restructured Entity) shall apply such that the economic terms of the New 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes as closely as possible preserve the economic 
equivalent of the relevant Credit Linked Notes immediately before the DC Credit 
Event Announcement and the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such New 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall be to the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
with respect to the Restructured Entity immediately prior to the DC Credit Event 
Announcement. 
New Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be treated for all 
purposes as Single Name Credit Linked Notes under these Credit Linked Conditions. 
7. 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 7 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of a specified tranche which is linked

--- Page 568 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
568 
 
to the performance of the component Reference Entities of a specified Index (which will be 
either an iTraxx® or CDX® index).  
If a Relevant Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes will be written down and/or partially redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the 
incurred loss and/or any incurred recovery amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity 
(to the extent that such incurred loss/incurred recovery amount falls within the tranche to which 
the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to), and any incurred recovery amount in 
respect of such Affected Reference Entity will be payable to Noteholders following the Relevant 
Credit Event in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 7(f) (Redemption following a Credit 
Event). Accordingly, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the credit risk of each 
Reference Entity in the Index in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the Index. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 16 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 24 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the relevant Principal Writedown 
Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event); 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is an Index Tranched Incurred Loss 
Amount and/or an Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount greater than zero with 
respect to an Affected Reference Entity, for the purpose of calculating the interest due 
on the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes going forward, each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note then outstanding shall be reduced by its pro rata share of the Principal 
Writedown Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date 
(notwithstanding, where "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies and there is an Index 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, that the Index Tranched Final Redemption

--- Page 569 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
569 
 
Amount shall be not be payable until the Final Auction Redemption Date or Final Cash 
Redemption Date, as applicable) purely for the purposes of determining the interest 
amount accrued; and 
(iii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Note (after, if applicable, any writedown of the Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes by the Principal Writedown Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 7(d)(ii) above) unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in 
accordance with General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) 
the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption 
Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, 
which results in the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and 
(z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date which results in the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full; and  
(iv) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(g) 
(Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies and: 
(x) 
an Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is determined (but there is no Index 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount and therefore no Credit Event 
Redemption Date has occurred), a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price 
Determination Date, as applicable; or 
(y) 
otherwise, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are 
redeemed in full; or

--- Page 570 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
570 
 
(iii) 
if the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will 
partially redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event 
Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, 
as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Index Tranched 
Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) 
as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in 
whole on the Final Auction Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Auction 
Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event

--- Page 571 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
571 
 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranched 
Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 
(Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) 
as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the 
Final Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Final Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption 
Terms). 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Redemption 
Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the outstanding 
portion of each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (if "Credit 
Payment on Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Amendment to Index Annex 
The Index Annex will be deemed to be amended from time to time to reflect any modifications 
resulting from Credit Linked Conditions 24 (Successor Provisions), 26(a) (Standard Reference 
Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation) and 26(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation) and the definitions of Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Standard Reference 
Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Successor as set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 31 (Definitions). 
(h) 
Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, neither the 
Calculation Agent nor the Issuer may deliver a Credit Event Notice or a Successor Notice unless

--- Page 572 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
572 
 
a notice has previously been delivered to the DC Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules 
requesting that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to 
Resolve a DC Credit Event Question or one or more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, 
as applicable, with respect to the facts described in with respect to the facts described in such 
Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, and either (i) a DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal has occurred, (ii) the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a determination or (iii) 
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the conditions to convening the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve such matter have not been satisfied in 
accordance with the DC Rules. Any Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, 
delivered in breach of the requirements in this Credit Linked Condition 7(h) shall be deemed 
not to have been delivered. 
8. 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 8 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of a specified tranche which is linked 
to the performance of the component Reference Entities of a bespoke basket. 
If a Relevant Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes will be written down and/or partially redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the 
incurred loss and/or any incurred recovery amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity 
(to the extent that such incurred loss/incurred recovery amount falls within the tranche to which 
the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to), and any incurred recovery amount 
in respect of such Affected Reference Entity will be payable to Noteholders following the 
Relevant Credit Event in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 8(f) (Redemption following 
a Credit Event). Accordingly, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the credit 
risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the basket. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 16 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 24 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note; and

--- Page 573 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
573 
 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Principal Writedown Amount 
in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, divided by (II) the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event); 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss 
Amount and/or a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount greater than zero with 
respect to an Affected Reference Entity, for the purpose of calculating the interest due 
on the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes going forward, each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall be reduced by its pro rata share of the 
Principal Writedown Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date 
(notwithstanding, where "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, that the Portfolio 
Tranched Final Redemption Amount shall be not be payable until the Final Auction 
Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date, as applicable) purely for the 
purposes of determining the interest amount accrued; and 
(iii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Note (after, if applicable, any writedown of the Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Note by the Principal Writedown Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 8(d)(ii) above) unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in 
accordance with General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) 
the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption 
Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, 
which results in the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, 
and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date which results in the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
being redeemed in full; and 
(iv) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(g) 
(Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest

--- Page 574 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
574 
 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on:  
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies and: 
(x) 
a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is determined (but there is no 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount and therefore no Credit Event 
Redemption Date has occurred), a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price 
Determination Date, as applicable; or  
(y) 
otherwise, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are 
redeemed in full; or  
(iii) 
if the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will 
partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event 
Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, 
as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Portfolio 
Tranched Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked

--- Page 575 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
575 
 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in 
whole on the Final Auction Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Auction 
Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 
(Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on 
the Final Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption 
Terms). 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the

--- Page 576 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
576 
 
outstanding portion of each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the 
Final Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount (if 
"Credit Payment on Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20 
(Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
9. 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 9 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the 
Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of Reference Investor Assets of 
one Reference Entity where such Reference Entity is a sovereign of, or a corporate in, a local 
access jurisdiction and where such Reference Investor Assets are held by a Reference Investor 
in such local access jurisdiction. Accordingly, in addition to the credit risk of such Reference 
Entity, Noteholders are also exposed to additional risks associated with such local access 
jurisdictions.  
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Risk Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Risk Event with respect to Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal to 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of such Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Note; and 
(ii) 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where no successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Local Access Single 
Name Partial Nominal Amount divided by (II) the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
(where partial redemption occurs pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 24 
(Successor Provisions))..

--- Page 577 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
577 
 
(d) 
Impact of Risk Event on Accrual of Interest 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4 to 21 will not be 
applicable to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and the provisions of this Credit 
Linked Condition 9(d) shall apply instead. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
the payment of the LA Interest Amount corresponding to the LA Interest Payment Date 
of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note will be suspended in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event), provided 
that the Calculation Agent shall determine whether the payment of the LA Interest 
Amount for the relevant LA Interest Payment Date need not be suspended (due to such 
payment being unaffected by the potential Risk Event), in which case such suspension 
will not apply and the LA Interest Amount will be payable as usual on the relevant LA 
Interest Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, if the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Note is not reduced to zero, the LA Interest Amount will continue to be payable 
on the relevant LA Interest Payment Date as usual (but only to the extent of any 
apportioned amount following any multiple successor determination or other 
adjustment deemed necessary to give effect to the terms of the Credit Linked 
Conditions as determined by the Calculation Agent) with respect to each Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Note to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and 
including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
(y) the Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution 
Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, except that in 
the case of (y) and (z) interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA Interest 
Payment Date has occurred on or prior to the relevant dates referred to in (y) and (z); 
and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on 
Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(g) (Accrual of Interest 
at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an LA Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would 
have been such LA Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Risk 
Event, interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of

--- Page 578 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
578 
 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) 
from (and including) the LA Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date (or if there is no LA Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and 
including) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date shall be payable on:  
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, provided that 
interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA Interest Payment Date has 
occurred prior to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA Interest 
Payment Date has occurred prior to the relevant LA Valuation Date and further 
provided that such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are redeemed in 
full; 
(iii) 
if the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the 
Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, 
as applicable, provided that interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA 
Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the relevant Early Redemption Date, the 
Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "LA Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the first Delivery Date, provided that interest shall be payable if, and only 
if, the relevant LA Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Risk Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date (subject 
to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event)), (x) the 
Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Note in accordance with the "LA Cash Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method, the "LA 
Physical Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method or the "LA Fixed Recovery 
Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms and (y) where a 
Credit Linked Note is an Instalment Note, from (and including) the occurrence of a Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, any Instalment Redemption Amount(s) relating to such 
Applicable Proportion that is due and payable on any Instalment Date(s) will be disregarded 
and any future Instalment Redemption Amount(s) relating to the outstanding portion (if any) of 
such Credit Linked Note shall be proportionately reduced as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
(i) 
LA Cash Redemption 
LA Cash Redemption shall apply where "LA Cash Redemption" is specified as the 
Risk Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Risk Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Risk Event" and (ii) LA Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment

--- Page 579 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
579 
 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note on the LA 
Cash Redemption Date at the LA Cash Redemption Amount in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 18(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) LA Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Note on the Final LA Cash Redemption Date at the Final LA 
Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18(c) 
(LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
LA Physical Redemption 
LA Physical Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If LA Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each 
Noteholder of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of 
the LA Settlement Assets by the LA Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Noteholder of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of 
the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 19(k) (LA Physical Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iii) 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If LA Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) 
(Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the 
Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note on the 
LA Cash Redemption Date at the LA Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment 
following Risk Event" occurs) or the Final LA Cash Redemption Date at the Final LA 
Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on Maturity" occurs) in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 18(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms), provided that the 
LA Cash Redemption Amount shall be determined using the Fixed Recovery

--- Page 580 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
580 
 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms instead of the LA Recovery 
Amount, as further set out in the definition of "LA Cash Redemption Amount" in 
Credit Linked Condition 31 (Definitions). 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, the occurrence of the LA Cash Redemption Date or the 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge 
the Issuer's obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Note. For the avoidance of doubt, in such 
circumstance, the loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be 
deemed to be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no amounts will be payable or assets 
deliverable to the Noteholders. The Noteholders will bear the loss of their entire 
principal and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
Where "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity 
Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date 
Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change Event has occurred or exists, 
then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent will, in its sole discretion, determine the amount by which any 
payment due to the Noteholders, or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be Delivered 
to the Noteholders, shall be reduced (provided that, such reduction amount shall be in 
the currency of the payment due or an amount of LA Settlement Assets (rounded down 
to the nearest denomination of the LA Settlement Assets)), as the case may be, and 
equal to each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the 
Regulatory Change Cost; and 
(ii) 
thereafter notify the Issuer of such adjustments. 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 28 (Notices) of the occurrence of the foregoing event as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(h) 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest 
Unless "Tax Deduction Event – Interest" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event), if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior to the 
last day of the final Calculation Period that there would be an Interest Tax Deduction Amount 
in respect of a payment of interest (howsoever described) in respect of the Reference Investor 
Assets, then any payment(s) of interest due to the Noteholder(s) shall be reduced by an amount 
that in aggregate is equal in value to the allocable proportion of such Interest Tax Deduction 
Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(i) 
Tax Deduction Event – Principal 
Unless "Tax Deduction Event – Principal" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a

--- Page 581 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
581 
 
Regulatory Change Event) above, if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior 
to the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable and 
(ii) an Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, which results in the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes being early 
redeemed in full, that there would be a Principal Tax Deduction Amount in respect of a payment 
of principal (howsoever described) in respect of the redemption of the Reference Investor 
Assets, then any payment(s) of principal due to the Noteholder(s) (including any Early 
Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount), or 
amount of LA Settlement Assets to be delivered to the Noteholder(s) (rounded down to the 
nearest denomination of the LA Settlement Assets), shall be reduced by an amount that in 
aggregate is equal in value to the allocable proportion of such Principal Tax Deduction Amount, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(j) 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity  
Where "FX Forward Rate" and "Underlying RMB Illiquidity" both apply, all references to 
"Underlying RMB Illiquidity" in the Terms and Conditions will be deemed to refer to 
"Underlying RMB Illiquidity (FX)".  
10. 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 10 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of Reference Investor Assets of two or 
more Reference Entities where such Reference Entities are sovereigns of, or corporates in, a 
local access jurisdiction and where such Reference Investor Assets are held by a Reference 
Investor in such local access jurisdiction. If a Risk Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity 
(not affecting the other Reference Entity/ies in the basket), such Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes will be redeemed in full (if "Redemption in Full" applies) or in part (if 
"Redemption in Part" applies) to reflect the loss suffered in respect of such Affected Reference 
Entit(y)(ies) and accordingly, Noteholders are not only exposed to the credit risk of each 
Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to its weighting but are also exposed to additional 
risks associated with such local access jurisdictions.   
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Risk Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date with respect to Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes where Relevant 
Risk Events and related Relevant Risk Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than 
one Reference Entity in the basket. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 24 (Successor Provisions).

--- Page 582 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
582 
 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of such Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note; 
and 
(ii) 
(x) 
if "Redemption in Full" applies to such Credit Linked Notes, 100 per cent. 
(where no successor event has occurred); 
(y) 
if "Redemption in Part" applies to such Credit Linked Notes, an amount 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
outstanding in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity immediately 
prior to the Relevant Risk Event, divided by (II) the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes (where no 
successor event has occurred); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Local Access Basket 
Partial Nominal Amount divided by (II) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes (where partial 
redemption occurs pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor 
Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Risk Event on Accrual of Interest 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4 to 21 will not be 
applicable to Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and the provisions of this Credit Linked 
Condition 10(d) shall apply instead. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
the payment of the LA Interest Amount corresponding to the LA Interest Payment Date 
of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note will be suspended in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event), provided that the 
Calculation Agent shall determine whether the payment of the LA Interest Amount for 
the relevant LA Interest Payment Date need not be suspended (due to such payment 
being unaffected by the potential Risk Event), in which case such suspension will not 
apply and the LA Interest Amount will be payable as usual on the relevant LA Interest 
Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, if the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes is not reduced to zero, the LA Interest Amount will continue to be payable on 
the relevant LA Interest Payment Date as usual (but only to the extent of any 
apportioned amount following any multiple successor determination or other 
adjustment deemed necessary to give effect to the terms of the Credit Linked 
Conditions as determined by the Calculation Agent) with respect to each Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including 
in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, which results in the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes being

--- Page 583 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
583 
 
redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date corresponding 
to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, except that in the case of (y) and (z) 
interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA Interest Payment Date has 
occurred on or prior to the relevant dates referred to in (y) and (z); and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(g) (Accrual of Interest at 
Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an LA Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would 
have been such LA Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Risk 
Event, interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the LA Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no LA Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and 
including) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date shall be payable on:  
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, provided that 
interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA Interest Payment Date has 
occurred prior to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA Interest 
Payment Date has occurred prior to the relevant LA Valuation Date and further 
provided that such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are redeemed in 
full; 
(iii) 
if the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, provided that interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA 
Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the relevant Early Redemption Date, the 
Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "LA Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the first Delivery Date, provided that interest shall be payable if, and only 
if, the relevant LA Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Risk Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased

--- Page 584 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
584 
 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date (subject 
to Credit Linked Condition 10(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event)), (x) the 
Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
in accordance with the "LA Cash Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method, the "LA 
Physical Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method or the "LA Fixed Recovery 
Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms and (y) where a 
Credit Linked Note is an Instalment Note, from (and including) the occurrence of a Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, any Instalment Redemption Amount(s) relating to such 
Applicable Proportion that is due and payable on any Instalment Date(s) will be disregarded 
and any future Instalment Redemption Amount(s) relating to the outstanding portion (if any) of 
such Credit Linked Note shall be proportionately reduced as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
(i) 
LA Cash Redemption 
LA Cash Redemption shall apply where "LA Cash Redemption" is specified as the 
Risk Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Risk Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Risk Event" and (ii) LA Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 10(g) 
(Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem 
the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note 
on the LA Cash Redemption Date at the LA Cash Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18(c) (LA Cash Redemption 
Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) LA Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes on the Final LA Cash Redemption Date at the Final LA Cash 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18(c) (LA 
Cash Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
LA Physical Redemption 
LA Physical Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If LA Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each 
Noteholder of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the

--- Page 585 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
585 
 
LA Settlement Assets by the LA Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Noteholder of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the 
Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 19(k) (LA Physical Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iii) 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If LA Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 10(g) 
(Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the 
Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note on the LA 
Cash Redemption Date at the LA Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment 
following Risk Event" occurs) or the Final LA Cash Redemption Date at the Final LA 
Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on Maturity" occurs) in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 18(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms), provided that the 
LA Cash Redemption Amount shall be determined using the Fixed Recovery 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms instead of the LA Recovery 
Amount, as further set out in the definition of "LA Cash Redemption Amount" in 
Credit Linked Condition 31 (Definitions). 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, the occurrence of the LA Cash Redemption Date or the 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge 
the Issuer's obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Note. For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, 
the loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be deemed to be 100 
per cent. and, accordingly, no amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the 
Noteholders. The Noteholders will bear the loss of their principal with respect to such 
proportion of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes impacted by the Risk Event 
and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
Where "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change Event has occurred or exists, 
then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent will, in its sole discretion, determine the amount by which any 
payment due to the Noteholders, or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be Delivered 
to the Noteholders, shall be reduced (provided that, such reduction amount shall be in 
the currency of the payment due or an amount of LA Settlement Assets (rounded down

--- Page 586 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
586 
 
to the nearest denomination of the LA Settlement Assets)), as the case may be, and 
equal to each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the 
Regulatory Change Cost; and 
(ii) 
thereafter notify the Issuer of such adjustments. 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 28 (Notices) of the occurrence of the foregoing event as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(h) 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest 
Unless "Tax Deduction Event – Interest" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event), if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior to the 
last day of the final Calculation Period that there would be an Interest Tax Deduction Amount 
in respect of a payment of interest (howsoever described) in respect of the Reference Investor 
Assets, then any payment(s) of interest due to the Noteholder(s) shall be reduced by an amount 
that in aggregate is equal in value to the allocable proportion of such Interest Tax Deduction 
Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(i) 
Tax Deduction Event – Principal 
Unless "Tax Deduction Event – Principal" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event) above, if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior 
to the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable and 
(ii) an Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, which results in the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes being early redeemed 
in full, that there would be a Principal Tax Deduction Amount in respect of a payment of 
principal (howsoever described) in respect of the redemption of the Reference Investor Assets, 
then any payment(s) of principal due to the Noteholder(s) (including any Early Redemption 
Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount), or amount of LA 
Settlement Assets to be delivered to the Noteholder(s) (rounded down to the nearest 
denomination of the LA Settlement Assets), shall be reduced by an amount that in aggregate is 
equal in value to the allocable proportion of such Principal Tax Deduction Amount, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(j) 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity  
Where "FX Forward Rate" and "Underlying RMB Illiquidity" both apply, all references to 
"Underlying RMB Illiquidity" in the Terms and Conditions will be deemed to refer to 
"Underlying RMB Illiquidity (FX)". 
(k) 
Reference Registry 
In respect of a Series and the related Reference Registry (setting out the Reference Assets), any 
reference to the "original face amount" of such Reference Assets shall be read as a reference to 
the aggregate principal amount of those Reference Assets. Where the relevant context requires, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, a reference to the Reference Assets may be a reference 
to a particular Reference Asset or to the aggregate of all such Reference Assets then referenced 
in the Reference Registry and none of the Issuer or the Guarantor, nor any of their Affiliates or 
agents, shall be obliged to hold any Reference Assets or pursue any remedies they may have 
with respect thereto (even if the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their Affiliates or agents

--- Page 587 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
587 
 
transfers any Reference Assets to the Noteholder(s) or refers to the market value of the 
Reference Assets in connection with the satisfaction of the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Notes following the declaration of any Risk Event).  
Any reference to a Reference Asset that is immediately followed by a numerical designator (for 
example, "Reference Asset 1") shall refer to such Reference Asset as so designated in the 
applicable Issue Terms, with the terms as set out in relation to such Reference Asset in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
11. 
Index Swaption Provisions 
The provision of this Credit Linked Condition 11 will apply if “Index Swaption” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Hypothetical Index Swaption 
The Credit Linked Notes will be linked to a hypothetical index swaption. For the purposes of 
making calculations of interest under the Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will be deemed on the 
Issue Date to have entered into the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction with the 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty. 
(b) 
Swaption Interest Amount 
The value of the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction at expiration will determine whether 
a Swaption Interest Amount is payable in respect of the Credit Linked Notes. 
If the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction expires at an amount payable to the Swaption 
Buyer (i.e., there is a positive Hypothetical Swaption Cash Settlement Amount), a Swaption 
Interest Amount shall be payable in respect of each Credit Linked Note on the Swaption Interest 
Amount Payment Date. 
If the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction expires out of the money for the Swaption 
Buyer (i.e., the Hypothetical Swaption Cash Settlement Amount is zero), no Swaption Interest 
Amount shall be payable in respect of the Credit Linked Notes. 
(c) 
Determinations and Discretions 
If the terms of the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction provide for the Buyer, the Seller 
or the Calculation Agent under the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction (the “Swap 
Calculation Agent”) to make a determination or calculation or exercise a discretion pursuant to 
the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction, such determination, calculation or such exercise 
of a discretion, as the case may be, shall be made by (i) in the case of the Buyer (subject as 
provided below), the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, (ii) in the case of the Seller, the Calculation Agent acting in its sole and absolute 
discretion, or (iii) in the case of the Swap Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent acting in its 
sole and absolute discretion. In making any determination pursuant to (ii) above in its capacity 
as Seller under the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction, the Calculation Agent shall act in 
its sole and absolute discretion, is under no obligation to consider the interests of the 
Noteholders and shall have no duties or responsibilities and shall not be liable to Noteholders 
or any other party in exercising such discretions and making such determinations and 
calculations.

--- Page 588 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
588 
 
If the terms of the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction provide for the Buyer, the Seller 
and/or the Swap Calculation Agent to agree or consult with each other in respect of any 
calculation or determination in respect of the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction, such 
obligation shall be deemed not to apply and to be replaced by the obligation of the Calculation 
Agent acting in its sole and absolute discretion to make the relevant calculation or determination 
(d) 
Notices under the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction 
If the terms of the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction oblige the Buyer, the Seller or the 
Swap Calculation Agent to give or deliver a notice to any person, subject to any confidentiality 
restrictions as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall give or deliver such notice to the 
Issuer. Upon such delivery, the relevant notice shall be deemed to be validly given pursuant to 
the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction. As soon as reasonably practicable after delivery 
of such notice to the Issuer and subject to any confidentiality restrictions as provided below, 
copies of any such notice shall be made available, upon request by any Noteholder who provides 
evidence satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent of their holding of Credit Linked Notes, at 
the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. 
Where the content of any notice relates to confidential information, (i) the Calculation Agent 
may require the Issuer and/or any Noteholder to enter into a confidentiality agreement on such 
terms as the Calculation Agent may specify; or (ii) such notice may not be made available to 
the Issuer and/or any Noteholder (as applicable). 
The failure by the Calculation Agent to give or deliver any notice in relation to the Hypothetical 
Index Swaption Transaction to the Noteholders (whether or not such failure is attributable to 
confidentiality restrictions) shall not result in a breach of the Conditions or affect the validity of 
any notice deemed to have been given pursuant to the Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction. 
(e) 
Swaption Adjustment Event 
If a Swaption Adjustment Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to (A) make such adjustment(s), if any, to the terms of 
the Credit Linked Notes as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate 
to account for the Swaption Adjustment Event, and (B) determine the effective date(s) 
of the adjustment(s) to the Credit Linked Notes; or 
(ii) 
by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices), 
redeem each Note on the Early Redemption Date by payment of an amount per Note 
equal to its Early Redemption Amount. 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, notify the Issuer of the 
existence of a Swaption Adjustment Event and shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) of any 
determination made by it pursuant to paragraph 5.1 above and the action proposed to 
be taken in relation thereto. 
(f) 
Additional provisions 
Where, pursuant to General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), some but not all of the 
Credit Linked Notes are purchased and cancelled or further Credit Linked Notes are issued 
pursuant to General Condition 12 (Further Issues), the Calculation Agent may adjust the

--- Page 589 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
589 
 
Conditions (including, without limitation, the Swaption Floating Rate Payer Calculation 
Amount and/or the Swaption Original Notional Amount under the Hypothetical Index Swaption 
Transaction) as it determines to be appropriate, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, to preserve for the Noteholders the economic equivalent of the payment 
obligations of the Issuer (if any) in respect of the outstanding Credit Linked Notes after the 
purchase and cancellation or issue, as the case may be, of such Credit Linked Notes. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment(s), the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) giving details 
thereof. 
12. 
Credit Event Notice, Risk Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information 
Noteholders should note that Credit Linked Conditions 12(a) and (b) are specific to Credit 
Linked Notes in respect of which a Credit Event Notice is relevant and will therefore not apply 
to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
If a Credit Event Notice and, if "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information 
is required to be delivered for an effective Notice Delivery Date and related Event 
Determination Date to occur, and accordingly, the Calculation Agent shall deliver the Credit 
Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information to the Issuer. The 
Issuer shall, upon receipt of such notice(s), forward them to the Fiscal Agent to make available 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices). 
(b) 
If a Credit Event Notice and where applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information is 
not required to be delivered in order for an Event Determination Date to occur, the Calculation 
Agent shall give written notice not less than five Business Days prior to the date for redemption 
or writedown, as applicable, of the Credit Linked Notes (or a portion thereof) containing the 
same information required to be included in a Credit Event Notice and if applicable, a Notice 
of Publicly Available Information to the Issuer. The Issuer shall, upon receipt of such notice(s), 
forward them to the Fiscal Agent for delivery to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 28 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent's determination of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, will, in 
the absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on all persons (including, without 
limitation, the Fiscal Agent and each Noteholder). 
(d) 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent or one or more of their respective 
affiliates will have any liability whatsoever for the failure of the Calculation Agent for any 
reason to determine that a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has occurred or with respect 
to the Calculation Agent or the Issuer's timing as to when to deliver a Credit Event Notice or 
Risk Event Notice, as applicable, and where applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information nor will they have any duty or responsibility to investigate or check whether any 
Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has, or may have, occurred or may be continuing. 
13. 
Relevant Time 
(a) 
Event timing 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices) and Credit Linked Condition 13(b) (Payment 
timing), in order to determine the day on which an event occurs for the purposes of these Credit 
Linked Conditions, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean

--- Page 590 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
590 
 
Time (or Tokyo time if the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is the market 
convention with respect to the relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the time zone in which 
such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred 
immediately prior to midnight. 
(b) 
Payment timing 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Credit Event Notice" or "Risk Event Notice" and Credit 
Linked Condition 13(a) (Event timing), if a payment is not made by the relevant Reference 
Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then 
such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight 
Greenwich Mean Time (or Tokyo time if the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is 
the market convention with respect to the relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the time 
zone of its place of payment. 
14. 
Event Determination Date – Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events 
(a) 
Occurrence of Event Determination Date 
If, following the determination of an Event Determination Date, such Event Determination Date 
is deemed by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer (i) to have occurred on a date that is 
different from the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date, (ii) 
not to have occurred, or (iii) to have occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if 
applicable, LA Interest Payment Date), then: 
(i) 
in respect of the event specified at (ii) only, where the Credit Linked Notes have not 
already been redeemed or written down in full, the redemption or writedown of the 
Credit Linked Notes shall be cancelled and the Credit Linked Notes shall continue in 
accordance with their terms as if the relevant Event Determination Date had not 
occurred; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any of the events specified at (i), (ii) or (iii) above, the Calculation Agent 
will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine (I) the adjustment payment, if any, 
that is payable to Noteholders to reflect any change that may be necessary to the 
amount previously calculated and/or paid in respect of the relevant Series; and (II) the 
date on which such adjustment payment is payable, if any and thereafter notify the 
Issuer of such adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest shall be 
taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment, 
and in the case of (iii) above, subject to Credit Linked Condition 2 (Interest or premium on 
Credit Linked Notes). 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 28 (Notices) of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events as soon as practicable 
thereafter without the consent of Noteholders being required to make the above adjustments. 
(b) 
Ordering of Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple 
Credit Events or Risk Events 
If an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs in 
respect of more than one Reference Entity, if applicable, on the same day, the occurrence of the 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, will be determined

--- Page 591 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
591 
 
chronologically in the order that either of the following events occurred with respect to such 
Reference Entity/ies: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date (provided that if a Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date occurs in respect of more than one such Reference Entity on the same 
day, the first Reference Entity in respect of which the DC Secretary announces that the 
relevant DC Credit Event Question was effective and the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee was in possession of the relevant Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question will be deemed to have 
satisfied this condition first) (a "DC-determined EDD"); or 
(ii) 
the delivery of the Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable (provided 
that if any of the relevant Credit Event Notices or Risk Event Notices, as applicable, 
are delivered at the same time, in a sequential order determined by the Calculation 
Agent) (a "Notice-determined EDD"), 
provided that: 
(A) 
if a Notice-determined EDD is amended by the occurrence of a DC-determined EDD, 
the DC-determined EDD will govern;  
(B) 
if both (x) one or more DC-determined EDDs and (y) one or more Notice-determined 
EDDs occur on the same day, any such DC-determined EDD shall be deemed to have 
occurred prior to any such Notice-determined EDD, notwithstanding the exact time of 
the occurrence of such events on such day; and 
(C) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred and a Credit Event Notice is delivered 
following a DC Credit Event Announcement, the Relevant Credit Event and related 
Relevant Event Determination Date shall be construed as having occurred under Credit 
Linked Condition 14(b)(i) instead of Credit Linked Condition 14(b)(ii).  
15. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension 
Where the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, that: 
(I) 
one or more Reference Entities: 
(x) 
may be subject to (A) a Credit Event or (B) a Risk Event, as applicable; 
(y) 
is or may be subject to a Potential Failure to Pay, if "Grace Period Extension" 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(z) 
is or may be subject to a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, if 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms;  
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, may be delivered after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date within an effective delivery period which may result in a 
Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurring;

--- Page 592 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
592 
 
(III) 
a Credit Event Resolution Request Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date 
but during the Notice Delivery Period which may result in a Relevant Event 
Determination Date occurring; 
(IV) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, or the Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date in 
relation to any Physical Redemption, as applicable, will only occur after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback 
Cash Redemption Date, as applicable); 
(V) 
a Payment Failure Cut-Off Date in relation to a Payment/Delivery Failure Event may 
occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(VI) 
an RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, 
it shall notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. The Issuer shall then notify the Noteholders and 
the Credit Linked Notes then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
but shall instead be redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date. 
If any amount is payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date of a Credit Linked Note (including 
any interest payment) to which the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 15 apply, such 
amount shall fall due on the Extended Maturity Date and shall be payable without any interest 
or other sum payable in respect of the postponement of the payment of such amount. 
16. 
M(M)R Restructuring 
Noteholders should note that this Credit Linked Condition 16 does not apply to Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
For the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 16, the definitions of "Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount" and "Reference Entity Notional Amount" shall be construed in accordance 
with the provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions) where 
apportionment of calculation amounts as a result of multiple successors being identified is to 
be applied. 
(a) 
Credit Event Notice after an M(M)R Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple 
Credit Event Notices with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring to the Issuer (who shall forward 
such notice(s) to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Noteholders), each such Credit 
Event Notice specifying either (i) the amount of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Credit Linked Notes to which such Credit Event Notice applies or (ii) the amount of the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, to which such Credit Event 
Notice applies as applicable, as determined by the Calculation Agent which may: 
(I) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, be less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of such Credit Linked Notes; or 
(II) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched

--- Page 593 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
593 
 
Credit Linked Notes, may be less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
Affected Reference Entity, 
(such amounts specified in the Credit Event Notice, the "Exercise Amount"), provided that if 
the Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount, then: 
(A) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice; or 
(B) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in 
respect of the Affected Reference Entity immediately prior to the delivery of such 
Credit Event Notice,  
in either case, as determined by the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have been specified as 
the Exercise Amount. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, where 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred and a Credit Event Notice has been delivered for an 
Exercise Amount that is less than (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes, or (ii) the Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the 
Affected Reference Entity, in each case, as at the date immediately prior to the delivery of such 
Credit Event Notice, the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply 
to a principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes equal to the Exercise Amount only and all the 
relevant provisions shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes following partial exercise 
If a Credit Event Notice has been delivered in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring that specifies 
an Exercise Amount that (x) in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, is less than the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes or, (y) in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
specifies an Exercise Amount that is less than the Affected Reference Entity's Reference Entity 
Notional Amount, then: 
(i) 
the relevant provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes) and 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) relating to the redemption or 
writedown of Credit Linked Notes shall apply to the Exercise Amount, including for 
the purposes of calculating the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or the 
Physical Redemption Assets to be Delivered to Noteholders or, in the case of Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, for the 
purposes of calculating the relevant Loss Amount, Recovery Amount and 
corresponding Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount, Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable. In such circumstances, the Calculation 
Agent may adjust such provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions and/or applicable 
Issue Terms as it determines appropriate to take account of this Credit Linked 
Condition 16, including the basis of the calculation of any Credit Event Redemption

--- Page 594 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
594 
 
Amount, the Principal Writedown Amount or the Physical Redemption Assets to be 
Delivered to Noteholders; 
(ii) 
following any payment of a relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or Delivery of 
the Physical Redemption Assets to Noteholders or any other determination made in 
respect of any Exercise Amount, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount or 
Reference Entity Notional Amount (as applicable) for the relevant Affected Reference 
Entity shall (in all cases without double counting) be reduced by an amount equal to 
the Exercise Amount (and for the avoidance of doubt, where applicable, the aggregate 
of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts shall be reduced accordingly). The Credit 
Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount and interest (if applicable) shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount as provided for in General Condition 4 
(Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the Calculation Agent may 
thereafter deliver one or more further Credit Event Notices in respect of such 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount to which the Credit Linked Conditions shall 
continue to apply; and 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent may adjust the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions 
and/or the applicable Issue Terms in such manner as it may determine to be appropriate 
to account for such event. 
(c) 
Subsequent Credit Events 
For the avoidance of doubt (i) in the case of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, once 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred in respect of the nth Reference Entity, no further Credit 
Event Notices may be delivered in respect of any Reference Entity other than the Affected 
Reference Entity that was the subject of the first occurring Restructuring Credit Event; and (ii) 
in the case of a Credit Linked Note subject to multiple successor determinations or a Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Note, an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, an Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note or a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, the fact that a Restructuring Credit 
Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity shall not preclude delivery of a Credit Event 
Notice in respect of any other Reference Entity. 
(d) 
Endorsement of Global Registered Note Certificate to reflect partial redemption 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 16 apply in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, 
on any redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note, the relevant Credit Linked Note or, 
if the Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, such Global 
Registered Note Certificate, shall be endorsed to reflect such part redemption on the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date. 
(e) 
Exercise Amount 
The Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing an M(M)R 
Restructuring must be (i) an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Settlement Currency 
(or, if Yen, 100,000,000 units) or an integral multiple thereof; or (ii) the entire Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or the entire Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, as applicable. 
The Exercise Amount must be an amount that (x) in the case of Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, is not greater than the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount, or (y) in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index

--- Page 595 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
595 
 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, is not greater than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected 
Reference Entity.  
The Exercise Amount shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent. 
17. 
Auction Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Fallback Redemption 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 23(d) (Redemption Suspension), if the Calculation Agent 
determines with respect to a Credit Event and any relevant Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question, Applicable Resolution and/or Applicable Auction, that: 
(i) 
an Auction Cancellation Date has occurred;  
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred (and, in circumstances where such No 
Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 17(a) or 
sub-paragraphs (b) or (c)(ii) under the definition of "No Auction Announcement Date", 
the Calculation Agent has not exercised the Movement Option);  
(iii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred but the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not determined that one or more Auctions will be held 
in accordance with any Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or, if applicable, 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms;  
(iv) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or  
(v) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to the definition of 
"Standard Event Determination Date" or pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition 
of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date", and no Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date has occurred on or prior to the date falling three Business Days after such 
Relevant Event Determination Date, or  
(vi) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph 
(b)(ii)(B)(II)(2) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date", 
then, the Fallback Redemption Method shall apply and the Issuer shall redeem each Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption Terms) (if Cash 
Redemption is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method) or 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Physical Redemption Terms) (if "Physical 
Redemption" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method). 
(b) 
Movement Option 
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
Applicable" applies and the Calculation Agent determines in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring 
that a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of 
the definition of "No Auction Announcement Date", the Calculation Agent may elect in its sole 
and absolute discretion to deliver a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the Issuer (who will 
then send a subsequent notice to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Noteholders) at 
any time on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. If a Notice to Exercise Movement

--- Page 596 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
596 
 
Option is so delivered, then any redemption of the Credit Linked Notes shall be effected by the 
Issuer by payment of the relevant Auction Redemption Amount on the relevant Auction 
Redemption Date(or, if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, by payment of the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount on the Final Auction Redemption Date), as applicable, and any such 
redemption and/or writedown of the Credit Linked Notes shall be determined on the basis of 
the Auction Final Price determined by reference to the relevant Parallel Auction identified by 
the Calculation Agent in the Notice to Exercise Movement Option. If a Notice to Exercise 
Movement Option is delivered by the Calculation Agent, all references in these Credit Linked 
Conditions to "Applicable Auction", "Applicable Auction Settlement Terms", "Auction 
Cancellation Date" and "Auction Final Price Determination Date" shall be deemed to be 
references to the "Parallel Auction", "Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" and "Parallel Auction 
Cancellation Date" and the terms of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(c) 
Auction Final Price of the Asset Package 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and the Auction Final Price for the Applicable 
Auction reflects the entire relevant Asset Package in respect of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation(s) or Package Observable Bond(s), as applicable (including any cash forming part 
of the Asset Package and the Asset Market Value of any Non-Financial Instrument or Non-
Transferable Instrument), the Auction Redemption Amount, Final Auction Redemption 
Amount, Loss Amount or Recovery Amount (calculated for the purpose of determining the 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any), 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
(if any), as applicable), as applicable), shall be determined using such Auction Final Price. 
(d) 
Delivery of Auction Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit Payment Following Credit 
Event" applies, following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
shall deliver the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Issuer and the Issuer shall deliver 
the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no later than five Business Days 
following the Auction Final Price Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, deliver the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices). 
In the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
the Calculation Agent will inform the Issuer, for notification to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders, as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination thereof of (i) any 
Loss Amount or Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, irrespective of 
whether the Aggregate Loss Amount or Aggregate Recovery Amount (if any), as applicable, is 
less than or equal to the Loss Threshold Amount or Recovery Threshold Amount, respectively, 
and (ii) any Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Index Tranched Incurred Recovery 
Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity.  
18. 
Cash Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Determination of Final Price 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 23(d) (Redemption Suspension), on the Valuation 
Date, the Calculation Agent shall commence determination of the Final Price using the 
Valuation Obligation to be valued.

--- Page 597 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
597 
 
(ii) 
If: 
(I) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include 
accrued but unpaid interest; 
(II) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall not include 
accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(III) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine, based on the then current market practice in the market of the 
Valuation Obligation whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Valuation Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, 
if applicable, the amount thereof. 
(b) 
Delivery of Cash Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit Payment Following Credit 
Event" applies, the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, after obtaining 
all Quotations for a Valuation Date and determining the Final Price (such date of determination, 
the "Final Price Determination Date"), provide the Issuer with a Cash Redemption Amount 
Notice. The Issuer shall deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no 
later than five Business Days following the Final Price Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent 
shall then, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices). 
In the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
the Calculation Agent will inform the Issuer, for notification to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders, as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination thereof of (i) any 
Loss Amount or Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, irrespective of 
whether the Aggregate Loss Amount or Aggregate Recovery Amount (if any), as applicable, is 
less than or equal to the Loss Threshold Amount or Recovery Threshold Amount, respectively, 
and (ii) any incurred Loss Amount or incurred Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected 
Reference Entity. 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by valuation of the related Asset Package and 
such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal 
Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, 
to which it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event and (B) if the Asset 
Package is zero, a Quotation shall be deemed to have been obtained for the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
applicable, equal to zero. 
(c) 
LA Cash Redemption Terms 
(i) 
Provision of Risk Event Notice 
Following the determination of a Relevant Risk Event by the Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver a Risk Event Notice 
to the Issuer, who shall thereafter forward such notice to the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal

--- Page 598 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
598 
 
Agent shall then, as soon as reasonably practicable, but not later than the LA Cash 
Redemption Date, deliver the Risk Event Notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices). 
(ii) 
Determination of LA Recovery Amount 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the LA Recovery Amount on the LA Valuation 
Date. 
19. 
Physical Redemption Terms  
(a) 
Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 23(d) (Redemption Suspension) and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, and unless previously redeemed 
in full or purchased and cancelled, if (a) Physical Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms or (b) Physical Redemption 
is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 17 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires that the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes 
in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 19 following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked 
Note, shall, subject to and in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 19, be 
redeemed by, in respect of each Noteholder: (i) Delivery (at the risk of the relevant 
Noteholder) of the Physical Redemption Assets specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, on or prior to the Physical 
Redemption Date in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19(b) (Physical 
Redemption Assets), and (ii) payment of the Partial Cash Redemption Amount or 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount (if applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption 
Terms) or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where applicable) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19(j)(iii) (Asset Package Delivery), pursuant 
to which the Issuer's obligations in respect of the redemption of the Applicable 
Proportion of each Credit Linked Note shall be fully and effectively discharged.  
(ii) 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes that are only partially redeemed, the remaining 
portion of each Credit Linked Note which is not so redeemed shall be redeemed on the 
later of (i) the later to occur of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable, at the Maturity Redemption Amount, and (ii) where the 
Credit Linked Notes early redeem in full, the Early Redemption Date, Optional 
Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
(iii) 
In order for the Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 19: 
(A) 
Upon receiving notification of the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event and 
a corresponding Notice of Physical Settlement from the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer shall forward the relevant Credit Event Notice and such Notice of 
Physical Settlement to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices) as soon 
as practicable and, in any case, prior to the relevant Physical Redemption 
Date.

--- Page 599 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
599 
 
(B) 
The Calculation Agent may, at any time, deliver to the Issuer a NOPS 
Amendment Notice stating that the Issuer would be replacing, in whole or in 
part, the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which such 
notice shall be sent to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices). 
(C) 
The relevant Noteholder shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (and where the 
relevant Credit Linked Note is in definitive form, to the Registrar), prior to 
3.00 p.m. (London) on the 10th Business Day following the date of effective 
delivery by the Fiscal Agent of the Notice of Physical Settlement to the 
Noteholders and, if relevant, any NOPS Amendment Notice, a duly 
completed notice in writing (a "Deliverable Obligation Notice"): 
(I) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Global 
Registered Note Certificate, specifying the Series number of the 
Credit Linked Notes which is the subject of the Deliverable 
Obligation Notice; 
(II) 
including such details as are required for the transfer or assignment 
of the Physical Redemption Assets which may include, without 
limitation, (a) the name, address and/or details of the relevant 
Noteholder's 
(or 
the 
Noteholder's 
designee's) 
account 
at 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or DTC, as applicable (the 
"Relevant Clearing System"), to be debited with such Physical 
Redemption Assets and/or any bank, broker, agent or designee of the 
Noteholder to whom documents evidencing the transfer of Physical 
Redemption Assets to be delivered; and (b) irrevocably instructing 
and authorising the Relevant Clearing Systems to debit the relevant 
Noteholder's account to complete Delivery; 
(III) 
specifying the name and details of the account to which the Partial 
Cash Redemption Amount, Fallback Cash Redemption Amount or 
Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) is to 
be credited; 
(IV) 
containing an acknowledgment that an amount equal to each Credit 
Linked Note's pro rata share of all Unwind Costs, Delivery 
Expenses or Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount (in each case, if 
any) shall be deducted from the Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount; 
(V) 
certifying, either (i) in respect of Credit Linked Notes represented by 
a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate, that the 
beneficial owner of each such Credit Linked Note is not a U.S. 
person (as defined in the Deliverable Obligation Notice), the Note is 
not being redeemed within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. 
person and no cash, notes or other property have been or will be 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, a U.S. person in connection with any redemption thereof; or (ii) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Registered Note Certificate, that the beneficial owner of each such 
Credit Linked Note is a QIB;

--- Page 600 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
600 
 
(VI) 
authorising the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, as provided in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement; 
(VII) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are in definitive form, including the 
definitive Credit Linked Notes;  
(VIII) 
providing a Euroclear screenshot of each Noteholder's holdings; and 
(IX) 
containing a confirmation that the Credit Linked Notes will not be 
transferred until Delivery is completed, subject in any case to any 
transfer restrictions. 
(iv) 
Forms of the Deliverable Obligation Notice will be delivered to the Noteholders 
together with the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
(v) 
No Deliverable Obligation Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the 
Relevant Clearing System, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, as provided above. After delivery of a Deliverable Obligation Notice (i) such 
relevant Noteholder or its designee (on its behalf), as applicable, shall be the only 
person entitled to delivery of its portion of the Physical Redemption Assets, and as 
such (ii) the relevant Noteholder may not transfer the Credit Linked Notes which are 
the subject of such notice. 
(vi) 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Deliverable Obligation Notice may result in 
such notice being treated as null and void and deemed to not have been provided. Any 
determination as to whether such notice has been properly completed and delivered as 
provided in these Credit Linked Conditions shall be made by the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent, on the Issuer's behalf, and shall be conclusive and 
binding on the relevant Noteholder. 
(vii) 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and payment of the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) in 
respect of each Noteholder shall be made by the Issuer in accordance with the details 
specified in the applicable Deliverable Obligation Notice. 
(b) 
Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to this Credit Linked Condition 19(b), the Issuer may only Deliver the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
(ii) 
Until the date on which the Physical Redemption Assets have been fully Delivered, the 
Issuer or any other person (including the Issuer's Affiliates) will continue to be the 
legal holder of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption 
Assets. None of the Issuer nor any such other person will (A) be under any obligation 
to deliver or procure delivery to any Noteholder or any other person any letter, 
certificate, notice, circular or any other document or payment whatsoever received by 
the Issuer or that other person in its capacity as legal holder of such Deliverable 
Obligations, (B) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all 
rights (including voting rights) attaching to such Deliverable Obligations comprising 
the Physical Redemption Assets, (C) be under any liability to such Noteholder or any

--- Page 601 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
601 
 
other person in respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder or other person 
may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or any 
other person being the legal holder of such Deliverable Obligations comprising the 
Physical Redemption Assets, or (D) have any liability whatsoever to any Noteholder 
or any other person if, as a result of a Payment/Delivery Failure Event or pursuant to 
any of Credit Linked Conditions 19(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of 
Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation) to 19(h) (Alternative 
Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) (both inclusive) or Credit Linked 
Condition 19(j)(v) (Asset Package Delivery), it is unable to effect Delivery of any 
Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets and the 
obligations hereunder shall be satisfied by partial cash settlement or fallback cash 
redemption (if applicable) or shall cease, and be deemed to be fully discharged in 
accordance with the Credit Linked Conditions. 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that all or any part of the Physical Redemption 
Assets that would be required to be Delivered to a Noteholder is not a whole integral 
multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical Redemption Assets at 
the relevant time of Delivery, the Issuer will Deliver and such Noteholder will only be 
entitled to receive such portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the 
Issuer which is as large a size as possible (as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
after consideration of such smallest unit or units of transfer and application of rounding 
to such amount, whether upwards or downwards to the nearest unit of transfer, in its 
sole discretion). Any portion of the Physical Redemption Assets not so delivered shall 
be deemed to have a value of zero and the Issuer's obligations to the Noteholders in 
respect of such portion shall be fully and effectively discharged.  
(c) 
Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Credit Linked Condition 19(a) (Delivery of 
Physical Redemption Assets), the Issuer may elect to Deliver to Noteholders Deliverable 
Obligations with an Outstanding Principal Balance or a Due and Payable Amount, as applicable 
(or the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), that is (i) greater than, or (ii) less 
than, that which each Noteholder would otherwise have been entitled to receive by way of 
Physical Redemption Assets.  
If: 
(i) 
the Issuer exercises its election pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 19(c); or  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Deliverable Obligations set out in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, cannot be 
Delivered due to an event (including, without limitation, any delay in settlement of any 
Applicable Auction) which results in the Issuer and/or its Affiliates not receiving the 
relevant Deliverable Obligations under its Hedging Positions (such obligations which 
cannot be Delivered, a "Hedge Disruption Obligation"),  
the Issuer may attempt to continue to Deliver without prejudice to the provisions set out in 
Credit Linked Condition 19(a) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) and the Calculation 
Agent may (but is not obliged to) after taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the 
trading price of any alternative Deliverable Obligation, provide notice to the Issuer (which shall 
be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to Noteholders) that alternative 
Deliverable Obligation(s) will be delivered in lieu of any other Deliverable Obligation specified 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, satisfying on

--- Page 602 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
602 
 
the Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery Date, each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms and otherwise satisfying the 
requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such instrument shall be deemed 
specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice which will be effective notwithstanding the fact that 
it is deemed specified after the Physical Redemption Date).  
If no Delivery has been completed on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash 
redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and 
Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be 
Delivered and the Issuer shall pay to each Noteholder each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share 
of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For such 
purpose, the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be Delivered (including the Hedge Disruption 
Obligations) shall constitute an "Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" for the purposes of the 
application of Credit Linked Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback 
Cash Redemption Terms). 
(d) 
Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality  
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, it is impossible or illegal for the Issuer to 
Deliver, or due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer it is impossible or illegal for any 
Noteholder to accept Delivery of, any of the Deliverable Obligations (other than a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond if an Asset Package Credit Event has 
occurred) specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, on the Physical Redemption Date (including, without limitation, failure of the 
relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation or court order, but excluding market 
conditions or the failure to obtain any requisite consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans), 
then on or before such date:  
(i) 
the Issuer shall Deliver and the Noteholder shall take Delivery of any of the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, for which it is possible and legal to take Delivery; 
and  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall provide a description in reasonable detail of the facts giving 
rise to such impossibility or illegality and, as soon as practicable thereafter, the Issuer 
shall Deliver and the Noteholder shall take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice as 
applicable which were not delivered on the Delivery Date. 
The date on which the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which were not Delivered and are subsequently 
Delivered shall be the date on which the Issuer is deemed to have completed Delivery of the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, relating to the Relevant Credit Event.  
If following the occurrence of any such impossibility or illegality, the amount of Deliverable 
Obligations that are to be Delivered as specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, are not delivered to the Noteholders on or prior to the 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then Cash Redemption in accordance with the 
partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms 
and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall apply with respect to the Deliverable Obligations 
that cannot be Delivered (the "Undeliverable Obligations").

--- Page 603 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
603 
 
(e) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice include Consent Required Loans that, due to the non-receipt of 
any requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of being 
assigned or novated to the Noteholder or its designee, as applicable, and such consents 
are not obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date; 
and 
(ii) 
"Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
in the applicable Issue Terms, or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Issue Terms and the relevant 
participation is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 
19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed 
to apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of 
Consent Required Loans for which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the 
"Undeliverable Loan Obligations"). 
(f) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice include Assignable Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any 
requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of being assigned 
or novated to the Noteholder or its designee, as applicable, and such consents are not 
obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
"Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
in the applicable Issue Terms, or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Issue Terms and the relevant 
participation is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 
19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed 
to apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or last NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of 
Assignable Loans for which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the "Unassignable 
Obligations"). 
(g) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Participations 
If the Deliverable Obligations include Direct Loan Participations and the relevant participation 
is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption 
pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to apply to the

--- Page 604 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
604 
 
Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable that consist of Direct Loan 
Participations in respect of which the relevant participation is not effected (the "Undeliverable 
Participations"). 
(h) 
Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered 
(i) 
If the Issuer has not Delivered any Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that are Loans 
(other than any Loan which (i) is a Prior Deliverable Obligation which the Issuer has 
notified the Fiscal Agent it intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu thereof, or (ii) 
forms part of an Asset Package which the Issuer has notified the Fiscal Agent it intends 
to Deliver) on or prior to the date that is five Business Days after the relevant Physical 
Redemption Date (the "Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date"), Credit Linked 
Condition 19(h)(ii) shall apply unless (A) "Reference Obligation Only" has been 
specified as the Deliverable Obligation Category in the applicable Issue Terms, (B) in 
the case of a Consent Required Loan, "Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required 
Loans" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (in which case 
Credit Linked Condition 19(e) (Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans) 
shall apply), (C) in the case of an Assignable Loan, "Partial Cash Redemption of 
Assignable Loans" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (in 
which case Credit Linked Condition 19(f) (Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable 
Loans)) shall apply), (D) in the case of a Direct Loan Participation, "Partial Cash 
Redemption of Participation" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms (in which case Credit Linked Condition 19(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of 
Participations) shall apply) or (E) in any case, such failure to Deliver is due to an event 
described in Credit Linked Condition 19(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to 
Impossibility or Illegality) (in which case Credit Linked Condition 19(d) (Partial Cash 
Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) shall apply). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer has failed to obtain the requisite consents to Deliver a Loan specified in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, at 
any time after the 15th Business Day following the Loan Alternative Procedure Start 
Date, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) Deliver, in lieu of all or part of such Loan 
and after taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the trading price of any 
alternative Deliverable Obligation, any, subject to "Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Fully Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Conditionally Transferable Obligation", Bond that is Transferable and Not Bearer 
or any Assignable Loan, and having on both the Physical Redemption Date and the 
Delivery Date each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics (other than Consent 
Required Loan or Direct Loan Participation), if any, specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and otherwise satisfying the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation 
(and such instrument shall be deemed specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice which 
will be effective notwithstanding the fact that it is deemed specified after the Physical 
Redemption Date). In the event that the Deliverable Obligations or other Deliverable 
Obligations to be delivered in lieu of all or part of such Loan are not Delivered on or 
prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption shall be 
deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit 
Linked Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash 
Redemption Terms) with respect to the Loans specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, or alternative Deliverable 
Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer shall pay Noteholder

--- Page 605 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
605 
 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on 
the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For such purpose, the Deliverable Obligations 
not Delivered shall constitute "Undelivered Deliverable Obligations" for the purposes 
of the application of Credit Linked Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms 
and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
(i) 
Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms 
The following terms apply for the purposes of the partial cash redemption terms referred to in 
Credit Linked Conditions 19(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) to 
19(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) and for the purposes of the 
fallback cash redemption terms referred to in Credit Linked Condition 22(b) (Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event – failure to deliver): 
(i) 
If Cash Redemption is deemed to apply pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition, the 
Issuer shall pay in respect of the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets 
corresponding to the applicable Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation (each an 
"Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation") the Partial Cash Redemption Amount on 
the Partial Cash Redemption Date, and in respect of the Physical Redemption Assets 
which cannot be delivered as described in Credit Linked Conditions 22(b) 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver), 19(c) (Election to deliver 
alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation), 19(h) 
(Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered), 19(j)(iii) or 19(j)(v) (each, 
an "Undelivered Deliverable Obligation"), the Issuer shall pay in respect of the 
portion of the Physical Redemption Assets corresponding to the applicable 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations, the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date (each as determined in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 19(i)); 
(ii) 
"Partial Cash Redemption Amount" means an aggregate amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of all Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations, 
representing in respect of each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal 
to the greater of (A) (I) the Outstanding Principal Balance, the Due and Payable 
Amount or the Currency Amount, as applicable, of such Undeliverable Deliverable 
Obligation (or in the case of an Asset Package, of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond), as the case may be, multiplied by (II) the Final Price with 
respect to such Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner), 
minus (III) Unwind Costs, if any (but excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into 
account in calculating the principal amount of the relevant Physical Redemption Assets 
to deliver) and (B) zero;  
(iii) 
"Partial Cash Redemption Date" and "Fallback Cash Redemption Date" means the 
date as selected by the Calculation Agent up to and including the date falling 10 
Business Days following the Final Price Determination Date; 
(iv) 
"Fallback Cash Redemption Amount" has the same meaning as set out in "Partial 
Cash Redemption Amount", provided that each reference therein to "Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligation" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation";

--- Page 606 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
606 
 
(v) 
"Reference Obligation" means, in respect of the determination of the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount, each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation and in respect of the 
determination of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount, each Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligation; 
(vi) 
"Valuation Date" means the date that is two Business Days after the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date; 
(vii) 
"Valuation Method" means Highest or, if fewer than two Full Quotations are 
obtained, Market Value; 
(viii) 
"Quotation Method" means Bid; 
(ix) 
"Quotation Amount" means, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency which shall be converted by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates 
in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of 
such Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as 
applicable, as the case may be. The Calculation Agent may in its discretion, acting in 
a commercially reasonable manner, round up or down the Quotation Amount for the 
purposes of seeking a Quotation; 
(x) 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or 
if no such time is specified, the time specified by the Calculation Agent, which shall 
be as close as reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for 
transactions in the Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation, as applicable, unless the Calculation Agent determines that the principal 
trading market for transactions in the Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, would be closed at such time or 
such transactions are not being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at 
such time, in which event the Valuation Time shall be such other time as may be 
specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market is open; 
(xi) 
"Market Value" means, with respect to an Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or 
an Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, on a Valuation Date, (A) if more 
than three Full Quotations are obtained the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the same highest and lowest values (and, if 
more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest and lowest value, then one 
of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (B) if exactly three 
Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the 
highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have 
the same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations 
shall be disregarded); (C) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic 
mean of such Full Quotations; (D) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained then, 
subject to sub-paragraph (B) of the definition of "Quotation" below, an amount that 
the Calculation Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more 
Full Quotations are obtained; and (E) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained 
on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the 
Valuation Date, the Market Value shall be any Full Quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no Full

--- Page 607 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
607 
 
Quotation is obtained, the Market Value shall be determined as provided in limbs (B) 
to (D) of the definition of "Quotation" below; 
(xii) 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of 
either (a) if the Reference Obligation is not an Asset Package, the Reference 
Obligation's Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
or (b) if the Reference Obligation is an Asset Package, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond to which the Asset Package relates, in each case, with 
respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(A) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to 
each Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation 
Agent is unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the Valuation 
Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each 
Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant 
Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on 
the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the 
Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day, or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the Quotations shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(C) 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with the specification or 
determination made pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event); 
(D) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market 
practice in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, 
Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation, Unassignable 
Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, whether such Quotations 
shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
(j) 
Asset Package Delivery 
(i) 
If an Asset Package Credit Event occurs then "Asset Package Delivery" will apply 
unless (A) such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop 
Date determined in respect of the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or 
DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to an Event Determination Date, (B) if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior 
to such Asset Package Credit Event, or (C) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and 
"2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014)" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Issue Terms (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published 
by ISDA). 
(ii) 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (A) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond forming part of the Physical Redemption Assets which is 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset

--- Page 608 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
608 
 
Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event, (B) the definition of "Deliver" shall be deemed to apply to each 
Asset in the Asset Package, provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be 
treated as if it were a Loan for this purpose, (C) if the Asset Package is zero, the 
Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date 
on which the Issuer has notified the Fiscal Agent of the detailed description of the 
Asset Package that it intends to Deliver in accordance with the definition of "Notice of 
Physical Settlement", (D) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each 
Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (E) if the relevant Asset is a 
Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed 
to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value, converted if necessary into 
the currency of denomination of the Credit Linked Notes at the prevailing market rate 
of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith. 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the preceding sub-paragraphs of this Credit Linked Condition 19(j), 
the Issuer may elect in lieu of delivering all or any part of the Asset Package (such 
assets, the "Non-Deliverable Asset Package") as Physical Redemption Assets to pay 
to the Noteholders the Asset Market Value of the Non-Deliverable Asset Package, 
converted if necessary, into the currency of denomination of the Credit Linked Notes 
at the prevailing market rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith (such cash payment the "Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount"). Payment 
of the Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount shall be made on or before the tenth 
Business Day following determination of the Asset Market Value of the Non-
Deliverable Asset Package and such date of payment shall be deemed to be the 
Physical Redemption Date.  
(iv) 
In determining the Asset Market Value, the Calculation Agent may also deem Cash 
Redemption to apply pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption 
Terms) with respect to the Asset Package and the Issuer shall pay each Noteholder each 
Credit Linked Note's pro rata amount of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on 
the Fallback Cash Redemption Date in satisfaction of its payment obligation with 
respect to the Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount. For such purpose, the related 
Asset Package shall constitute an "Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" for the 
purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption 
Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) and the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date shall be the date the Calculation Agent deems Cash Redemption to 
apply. 
(v) 
If the Issuer has not satisfied its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset 
Package in the correct proportion on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) instead Deliver, after taking into 
account costs to the Issuer, including the trading price of any alternative Deliverable 
Obligation, any other Deliverable Obligation selected the Issuer and having on both 
the Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery Date each of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
otherwise satisfying the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such

--- Page 609 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
609 
 
Deliverable Obligation shall be deemed specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice 
which will be effective notwithstanding the fact that it is deemed specified after the 
Physical Redemption Date). If Delivery of the Asset Package or any other Deliverable 
Obligation in lieu of the same is not completed on or prior to the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant 
to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Asset 
Package which has not been Delivered and the Issuer shall pay each Noteholder their 
Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date. 
(vi) 
For such purpose, the entire Asset Package shall constitute an "Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligation" for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 
19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) and the 
Issuer shall pay the Noteholder the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback 
Cash Redemption Date. 
(k) 
LA Physical Redemption Terms 
(i) 
Provision of Risk Event Notice 
Following the determination of a Risk Event by the Calculation Agent shall, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, deliver the Risk Event Notice to the Issuer, who shall 
thereafter forward such notice to the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, but not later than the LA Physical Redemption Date, deliver 
the Risk Event Notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
28 (Notices). 
(ii) 
Delivery of LA Settlement Assets 
(A) 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if LA 
Physical Redemption is specified as the Risk Event Redemption Method in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note 
shall be redeemed by: (I) Delivery (at the risk of the relevant Noteholder) of 
the LA Settlement Assets on or prior to the LA Physical Redemption Date 
and (II) payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) 
(as set out in Credit Linked Condition 19(k)(iii) (Payment of the 
Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any)). 
(B) 
In order for the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, to be redeemed in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 19(k)(ii), the relevant 
Noteholder shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (and where the relevant Credit 
Linked Note is in definitive form, to the Registrar), prior to 3.00 p.m. 
(London) on the 5th Business Day following the date of effective delivery by 
the Fiscal Agent of the Risk Event Notice to the Noteholders, a duly 
completed notice in writing (a "Deliverable Obligation Notice"): 
(I) 
in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes represented by a Global 
Registered Note Certificate, specifying the Series number of the 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access

--- Page 610 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
610 
 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, which is the subject of 
the Deliverable Obligation Notice; 
(II) 
including such details as are required for the transfer or assignment 
of the LA Settlement Assets which may include, without limitation, 
(I) the name, address and/or details of the relevant Noteholder's (or 
the Noteholder's designee's) account at the Relevant Clearing 
System, to be debited with such LA Settlement Assets and/or any 
bank, broker, agent or designee of the Noteholder to whom 
documents evidencing the transfer of LA Settlement Assets to be 
delivered; and (II) irrevocably instructing and authorising the 
Relevant Clearing Systems to debit the relevant Noteholder's 
account to complete Delivery; 
(III) 
specifying the name and details of the account to which the 
Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) is to be 
credited; 
(IV) 
containing an acknowledgment that an amount equal to (as 
applicable) each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note's or 
each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of all 
Unwind Costs, Delivery Expenses or Interest Suspension Shortfall 
Amount (in each case, if any) shall be deducted from the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount; 
(V) 
certifying, either (I) in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
represented by a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate, 
that the beneficial owner of each such Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note is 
not a U.S. person (as defined in the Deliverable Obligation Notice), 
the Note is not being redeemed within the United States or on behalf 
of a U.S. person and no cash, notes or other property have been or 
will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any redemption thereof; 
or (II) in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes represented by a Rule 
144A Global Registered Note Certificate, that the beneficial owner 
of each such Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Note, as applicable, is a QIB; 
(VI) 
authorising the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, as provided in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement; 
(VII) 
if the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are in definitive form, including 
the definitive Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable;  
(VIII) 
providing a Euroclear screenshot of each Noteholder's holdings; and

--- Page 611 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
611 
 
(IX) 
containing a confirmation that the Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable, will not be transferred until Delivery is completed, 
subject in any case to any transfer restrictions. 
(C) 
Forms of the Deliverable Obligation Notice will be delivered to the 
Noteholders together with the Risk Event Notice. 
(D) 
No Deliverable Obligation Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by 
the Relevant Clearing System, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, as provided above. After delivery of a Deliverable 
Obligation Notice (x) such relevant Noteholder or its designee (on its behalf), 
as applicable, shall be the only person entitled to delivery of its portion of the 
LA Settlement Assets, and as such (y) the relevant Noteholder may not 
transfer the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, which are the subject of such 
notice. 
(E) 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Deliverable Obligation Notice may 
result in such notice being treated as null and void and deemed to not have 
been provided. Any determination as to whether such notice has been 
properly completed and delivered as provided in these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall be made by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Fiscal 
Agent, on the Issuer's behalf, and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
relevant Noteholder. 
(F) 
Delivery of the LA Settlement Assets and payment of the Undeliverable LA 
Cash Redemption Amount (if any) in respect of each Noteholder shall be 
made by the Issuer in accordance with the details specified in the applicable 
Deliverable Obligation Notice. 
(iii) 
Payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) 
Upon Delivery of the LA Settlement Assets, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
redemption of the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, as applicable, shall be fully 
and effectively discharged, provided that if in the determination of the Issuer: 
(A) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be 
impossible, illegal or in breach of any restriction (whether regulatory, 
fiduciary or contractual) to obtain, hold or deliver some or all of the LA 
Settlement Assets (including any such LA Settlement Assets held by or on 
behalf of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate) to the Noteholders, including 
circumstances in which a Market Disruption Event is subsisting; and/or 
(B) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be 
impracticable (whether on grounds of illiquidity or otherwise) and/or it is not 
commercially reasonable for the Issuer to obtain, hold or deliver some or all 
of the LA Settlement Assets (including any such LA Settlement Assets held 
by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate) to the Noteholders; and/or 
(C) 
due to circumstances within the control of the Noteholders (including, without 
limitation, the Noteholders not having opened or notified the Issuer of its

--- Page 612 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
612 
 
specified account, given any required certifications or as a result of limb (b) 
of the definition of "Payment/Delivery Failure Event" occurring), the Issuer 
is unable to arrange, or conditions are not fulfilled, for the delivery of some 
or all LA Settlement Assets, 
and such circumstances continue up to and including the LA Physical Redemption 
Date, then the Issuer shall have no further delivery obligations hereunder to the 
Noteholders with respect to those LA Settlement Assets which are affected by such 
circumstances described in paragraphs (A), (B) or (C) above (the "Undeliverable 
Assets") and the Issuer shall, in respect of the Undeliverable Assets in respect of any 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Note, as applicable, held by a Noteholder, pay to the specified account of that 
Noteholder on the LA Cash Redemption Date the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption 
Amount. 
(iv) 
Determination of Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption 
Amount on the LA Valuation Date. 
20. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Redemption Amount 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 23 (Effect of DC Resolutions), unless previously redeemed 
in full or purchased and cancelled, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, then following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note shall 
redeem or be written down in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption 
Terms), provided that: 
(i) 
the Final Price shall be deemed to be determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage 
(specified in the applicable Issue Terms with respect to an Affected Reference Entity 
and the related Relevant Event Determination Date) and the Cash Redemption Amount 
or the Final Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, shall be determined using such 
Fixed Recovery Percentage, as further set out in the definitions of "Cash Redemption 
Amount" and "Final Cash Redemption Amount" in Credit Linked Condition 31 
(Definitions);  
(ii) 
the "Final Price Determination Date" shall be the date on which the Final Price is 
deemed to be determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage; and 
(iii) 
Single Valuation Date will be deemed to have been specified as the applicable 
Valuation Date on which the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, shall be determined. 
(b) 
Fixed Recovery Percentage of zero 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the occurrence of the relevant Cash Redemption Date or Final Cash 
Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Note.

--- Page 613 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
613 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, the loss amount in respect of an Affected 
Reference Entity will be deemed to be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no amounts will be 
payable or assets deliverable to the Noteholders. The Noteholders will bear the loss of their 
principal with respect to such proportion of the Credit Linked Notes impacted by the Credit 
Event and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
21. 
Redemption upon Merger Event 
If "Redemption following Merger" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in the event that the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent determines, in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices) and 
redeem each Credit Linked Note in full or in part on the Early Redemption Date at the Merger 
Redemption Amount (provided that if nothing is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
"Redemption following Merger" shall apply). 
This Credit Linked Condition 21 shall not apply in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes.  
22. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event 
(a) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay 
This Credit Linked Condition 22(a) shall not apply where an Underlying RMB Currency Event 
has occurred (in which case, General Condition 6(i) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB 
Currency Event) shall apply). 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (a) of such definition has 
occurred and exists, subject to Credit Linked Condition 22(c) (No additional interest) below, 
the obligation of the Issuer to pay the relevant amount will be postponed until such time that the 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event no longer exists or is cured (including, without limitation, 
where the Noteholder requests the Issuer in writing to make payment of such amount to such 
other account or to such other person as the Noteholder specifies and represents to the Issuer 
that such payment to its designee will discharge the Issuer's obligations to the Noteholder in 
respect of such payment). Where such postponement applies, the Issuer shall give notice of such 
postponement to the Noteholders ("Payment Failure Event Notice") as soon as reasonably 
practicable in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, if the Issuer 
determines (in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) that such 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist for such number of Business Days specified 
in the Issue Terms or, if no number of Business Days is specified in the Issue Terms, 90 Business 
Days following the later to occur of (a) any scheduled payment date or the (b) Scheduled 
Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable (the "Payment Failure Cut-Off Date") 
in respect of an amount required to be paid (including where the Noteholder has not elected for 
payment to be made to a third party or other account (if applicable) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 22(c) (No additional interest) above, no such payment will be made by the 
Issuer and the Issuer's obligations to the Noteholder hereunder will be deemed to be fully 
discharged as of that date.  
(b) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver

--- Page 614 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
614 
 
This Credit Linked Condition 22(b) shall not apply to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes (instead, Credit Linked Condition 19(k)(iii) 
(Payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any)) shall apply). 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (b) of such definition has 
occurred, the obligations of the Issuer to procure Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets 
to such Noteholder shall, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 19(a) (Delivery of Physical 
Redemption Assets) and 23(d) (Redemption Suspension) cease and if "Fallback Cash 
Redemption" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, Cash Redemption shall be 
deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with 
respect to the Physical Redemption Assets that cannot be Delivered on or prior to the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date and the Issuer shall pay each Noteholder each Credit 
Linked Note's pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date. For such purpose, the Physical Redemption Assets shall constitute an 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligations" for the purposes of application of Credit Linked 
Condition 19(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
If "Fallback Cash Redemption" is not specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms and if 
such Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist on the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, the Issuer shall have no further liability or obligation whatsoever in respect of 
such Credit Linked Note and no obligation to deliver the Physical Redemption Assets on or 
after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. However, if the Payment/Delivery Failure 
Event ceases to exist or is cured prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the 
obligation of the Issuer to Deliver the Physical Redemption Assets will be postponed to a date 
determined by the Issuer to be no later than 10 Business Days following the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date (the "Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date"). 
(c) 
No additional interest 
Any postponement or deemed discharge of payment pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 
22 will not constitute a default hereunder (including for the purpose of the definition of "Events 
of Default") and will not entitle the relevant Noteholder to any additional interest or other 
payment as a result thereof. 
23. 
Effect of DC Resolutions 
(a) 
Binding nature 
Any DC Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
binding with respect to the relevant Credit Linked Notes in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
(b) 
Event Determination Dates 
(i) 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent 
A Relevant Event Determination Date which is determined by the Calculation Agent 
to apply to the Credit Linked Notes will be binding with respect to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes. 
(ii) 
Reversal of DC Credit Event Announcement

--- Page 615 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
615 
 
If a prior DC Resolution or the occurrence of an Event Determination Date is 
subsequently reversed prior to the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date, a 
Physical Redemption Date, redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in full, a Valuation 
Date or a Delivery Date, a Credit Event shall be deemed not to have occurred with 
respect to the relevant Reference Entity for the purposes of these Credit Linked 
Conditions.  
(iii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, an Event 
Determination Date may occur in respect of each Reference Entity referenced in the 
basket or Index, as applicable, provided that, other than in respect of an M(M)R 
Restructuring (if applicable), an Event Determination Date shall apply only once to 
each such Reference Entity. 
(iv) 
Multiple successor determinations 
Where multiple successors have been determined in respect of a Reference Entity in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions), an Event 
Determination Date may occur in respect of each successor Reference Entity. 
(c) 
Determinations in respect of Successors and Substitute Reference Obligations 
If a DC Resolution relating to Successors or Substitute Reference Obligations is subsequently 
reversed after the identification of a Successor or a Substitute Reference Obligation by the 
Calculation Agent, such prior DC Resolution shall be disregarded for the purposes of these 
Credit Linked Conditions.  
(d) 
Redemption Suspension 
If, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date but prior to the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date, Delivery Date or, to the extent applicable, a Valuation Date in 
respect of a Reference Entity, there is an Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, 
all timing requirements in these Credit Linked Conditions that pertain to redemption shall toll 
and remain suspended until the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement or 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, as applicable. During such suspension period, 
the Issuer is not obliged to take any action in connection with the settlement of such Credit 
Event or the redemption, if any, of the Credit Linked Notes. Once the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, the relevant timing 
requirements that pertain to redemption that have previously tolled or been suspended shall 
resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by the DC Secretary with the 
Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. 
The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, a notice (a "Redemption 
Suspension Notice") in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices) to the 
Noteholders giving notice of any suspension of timing requirements pursuant to this Credit 
Linked Condition 23. 
24. 
Successor Provisions 
(a) 
Eligible Successors

--- Page 616 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
616 
 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, 
or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date 
occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately 
prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one 
Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity;  
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event; and 
(iv) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the Successor is an entity identified by the relevant Index Sponsor on or 
following the earlier of the Effective Date and the Trade Date where the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has, in relation to a Successor Resolution 
Request Date, not identified a Successor in accordance with the DC Rules. 
(b) 
Successor Determinations 
Subject to the restrictions set out under Credit Linked Condition 6(h) (Restriction on Delivery 
of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice) and 7(h) (Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event 
Notice or Successor Notice) in relation to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes only, the Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, 
as soon as reasonably practicable after delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the 
Succession Date, any Successor or Successors in accordance with the definition of "Successor", 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of the 
determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under 
this definition on the basis of Eligible Information and will notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent 
of any such calculation or determination as soon as practicable. In calculating the percentages 
used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under this Credit Linked Condition 
24(b), if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions in 
respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, rely on the 
determination of any Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee as to whether any Successor 
has been identified. 
(c) 
Substitute Reference Obligations following a Successor Event 
Where any one or more Successors have not assumed a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, a 
Substitute Reference Obligation will be determined, where the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate, in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation). 
(d) 
Transaction Types of Successor Reference Entities

--- Page 617 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
617 
 
If the Transaction Type applicable to a Successor differs from the Transaction Type of the 
Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has been identified, notwithstanding such 
difference, the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has 
been identified shall, with effect from the Succession Date, continue to apply to the Successor. 
(e) 
Succession in respect of multiple Reference Entities simultaneously 
If two or more Reference Entities are subject to one or more successions simultaneously or the 
order of such succession cannot be determined from Eligible Information, then each such 
Reference Entity shall be deemed to have been subject to a separate succession, with all such 
successions occurring in the order determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Single Successor 
Where the Calculation Agent determines that there is a single Successor in respect of a 
Reference Entity, such Successor shall, with effect from the Succession Date, be a Reference 
Entity for the purpose of the Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Reference Entity in 
respect of which the Successor has been identified shall cease to be a Reference Entity with 
effect from the Succession Date unless it has also been identified as a Successor), provided that, 
in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, (a) if the Successor is not an Nth-to-
Default Non-Succession Reference Entity (as defined below), the Reference Entity Count will 
be the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity (as defined 
below) and (b) if an Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity would be a Successor to an 
Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity, the provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 24(h)(ii)(F) (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes) shall equally apply in the 
case of a single Successor. 
(g) 
Joint Potential Successors 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a Relevant 
Obligation (the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy), then (a) 
if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, it shall 
be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential 
Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor 
or obligors, or (b) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of 
a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy), it shall be treated as having been 
succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) 
which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors (or, in respect of 
a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, as provider of a Qualifying Policy), if any, or otherwise 
by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
(h) 
Multiple Successors  
(i) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes and following a 
succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (such 
Reference Entity affected by a succession being a "Single Name Succession 
Reference Entity"), more than one Successor has been identified by the Calculation 
Agent, the Single Name Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of 
the Noteholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the

--- Page 618 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
618 
 
Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding nominal amount or any other 
relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Successor: 
(A) 
the Single Name Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Single Name Successor 
Entity") and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Event Determination Date 
(and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Credit Event) may occur in respect 
of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes but, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 16 (M(M)R Restructuring), once only in relation to each Successor; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of a Single Name Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole, but 
instead the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions 
shall be deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such 
Single Name Successor Entity only after the apportionment 
described above (the "Single Name Partial Nominal Amount"); 
(II) 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed 
in part in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3(f)(i) (Auction 
Redemption), (ii) (Cash Redemption), (iii) (Physical Redemption) or 
(iv) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed 
part being equal to a Noteholder's pro rata share of the Single Name 
Partial Nominal Amount (provided that if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the 
Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as 
applicable)); and 
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring). 
Following the occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event, the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with 
these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the 
identification of more than one Successor, considered in the aggregate); 
(D) 
if some but not all of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in accordance with General Condition 5 (Redemption and 
Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall 
continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes; and 
(E) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(i) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors.

--- Page 619 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
619 
 
(ii) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
following a succession and a related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity 
(each such Reference Entity, an "Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity" and 
the Reference Entities unaffected by such succession or any previous successions, the 
"Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities"), more than one Successor has 
been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes will be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the following 
terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any 
outstanding nominal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in 
relation to each Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, an "Nth-to-Default 
Successor Entity") and the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference 
Entities will continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date with respect to any of 
the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities will, where such Nth-
to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity is the nth Reference Entity to 
which a Relevant Event Determination Date has occurred, result in the 
redemption of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in full (or, in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring where the Exercise Amount is less than 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes, 
redemption of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in part) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes); 
(D) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date has occurred in respect of the nth Reference Entity: 
(I) 
such Credit Event shall be a Relevant Credit Event for the purpose 
of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and the relevant 
provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to 
apply to the nominal amount represented by such Nth-to-Default 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is 
effected (the "Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount");  
(II) 
the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be 
redeemed in part in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4(f)(i)) 
(Auction Redemption), (ii) (Cash Redemption), (iii) (Physical 
Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable 
(such redeemed part being equal to a Noteholder's pro rata share of 
the Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount (provided that if "Credit 
Payment on Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur 
only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction 
Redemption Date, as applicable)); and

--- Page 620 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
620 
 
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following the occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event, the Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes only (in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as 
the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the 
identification of more than one Successor, considered in the aggregate); 
(E) 
if a single entity would be a Reference Entity hereunder more than once, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(ii)(F) below, that Reference Entity 
shall be deemed to be specified only once, and such change shall have no 
effect on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes;  
(F) 
where an Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity is identified as a 
Successor to any Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity pursuant to a 
succession: 
(I) 
if the Transaction Type and Reference Obligation (including the 
absence of a Reference Obligation) of the Nth-to-Default Non-
Succession Reference Entity is identical to that of the Nth-to-Default 
Succession Reference Entity, the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-
to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity shall be equal to the 
sum of (x) the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Non-
Succession Reference Entity immediately prior to the relevant 
succession (the "Surviving Reference Entity Count") and (y) the 
Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference 
Entity immediately prior to the relevant succession (the "Legacy 
Reference Entity Count", and the Legacy Reference Entity Count 
and the Surviving Reference Entity Count, together, the "Combined 
Prior Count"); or 
(II) 
if the Transaction Type and Reference Obligation of the Nth-to-
Default Non-Succession Reference Entity is not identical to that of 
the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity, the Calculation 
Agent shall apportion as at the Succession Date any outstanding 
nominal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts into two 
separate portions where: 
(i) 
one portion shall reflect the product of the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and the Legacy Reference Entity 
Count divided by the Combined Prior Count, with the Nth-
to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity having (a) a 
Transaction Type and Reference Obligation identical to the 
Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity and (b) a

--- Page 621 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
621 
 
Reference Entity Count equal to the Combined Prior Count; 
and 
(ii) 
the other portion shall reflect the product of the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and the Surviving Reference Entity 
Count divided by the Combined Prior Count, with the Nth-
to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity having (a) a 
Transaction Type and Reference Obligation identical to the 
Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity and (b) a 
Reference Entity Count equal to the Combined Prior Count; 
(G) 
if some but not all of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in accordance with General Condition 5 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes; and 
(H) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(ii) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors; 
(iii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and following 
a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each such 
Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession Date has 
previously occurred, a "Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity" and the 
Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous Succession 
Dates, the "Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities"), more than one 
Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the 
following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion 
any outstanding principal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in 
relation to each Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Linear Basket Successor 
Entity"), and the Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities will 
continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of a Linear Basket Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Linear 
Basket Successor Entity only after the apportionment described 
above is effected (the "Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount"); 
(II) 
the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed 
in part in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 5(f)(i) (Auction

--- Page 622 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
622 
 
Redemption), (ii) (Cash Redemption), (iii) (Physical Redemption) or 
(iv) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed 
part being equal to a Noteholder's pro rata share of the Linear Basket 
Partial Nominal Amount (provided that if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the 
Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as 
applicable)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes shall remain 
outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue 
on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, 
adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to reflect the 
economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
such Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in accordance with General Condition 5 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(iii) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(iv) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and 
following a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity 
(each such Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession 
Date has previously occurred, an "Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity" 
and the Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous 
Succession Dates, the "Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference Entities"), 
more than one Successor has been identified, the Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes will be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the following 
terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any

--- Page 623 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
623 
 
outstanding principal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in 
relation to each Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a 
Reference Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Index Untranched 
Successor Entity"), and the Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities will continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of an Index Untranched Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Index 
Untranched Successor Entity only after the apportionment described 
above is effected (the "Index Untranched Partial Nominal 
Amount");  
(II) 
the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be 
redeemed in part in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 6(f)(i) 
(Auction Redemption), (ii) (Cash Redemption) or (iii) (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed part being 
equal to a Noteholder's pro rata share of the Index Untranched 
Partial Nominal Amount (provided that if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the 
Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as 
applicable)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes shall remain 
outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and interest shall 
accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit 
Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than 
one Successor), considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
such Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in accordance with General Condition 5 (Redemption and

--- Page 624 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
624 
 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes; 
and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(iv) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(v) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and following 
a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each, an 
"Index Tranched Succession Reference Entity" and the Reference Entities 
unaffected by such succession, the "Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities"), more than one Successor has been identified, the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the 
following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion 
any outstanding principal amount, other relevant calculation amounts, the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount equally in relation to each Successor: 
(A) 
the Index Tranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a 
Reference Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Index Tranched 
Successor Entity"), and the Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities will continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of an Index Tranched Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Index 
Tranched Successor Entity only after the apportionment described 
above is effected;  
(II) 
the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be 
redeemed in part in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 7(f)(i) 
(Auction Redemption), (ii) (Cash Redemption) or (iii) (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption), as applicable (provided that if "Credit 
Payment on Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur 
only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction 
Redemption Date, as applicable); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes shall remain 
outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue 
on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, 
adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a

--- Page 625 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
625 
 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to reflect the 
economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
such Reference Entity will be the sum of (I) the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount otherwise applicable to it prior to the apportionment referred to 
above and (II) the Reference Entity Notional Amount allocated to such 
Successor as a result of the apportionment referred to above (and such change 
shall have no effect on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes);  
(E) 
if some but not all of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in accordance with General Condition 5 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; and  
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(v) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(vi) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
following a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity 
(each such Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession 
Date has previously occurred, an "Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity" 
and the Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous 
Succession Dates, the "Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities"), 
more than one Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the Noteholders 
to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall 
apportion any outstanding principal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts 
equally in relation to each Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a 
Reference Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Portfolio Tranched 
Successor Entity"), and the Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities will continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of a Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such 
Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity only after the apportionment 
described above is effected;

--- Page 626 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
626 
 
(II) 
the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be 
redeemed in part in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 8(f)(i) 
(Auction Redemption), (ii) (Cash Redemption) or (iii) (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption), as applicable (provided that if "Credit 
Payment on Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur 
only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction 
Redemption Date, as applicable); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes shall 
remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and interest 
shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to 
reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
such Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in accordance with General Condition 5 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes; 
and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(vi) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(vii) 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
and following a Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (the Reference Entity, 
a "Local Access Single Name Succession Reference Entity"), more than one 
Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect 
the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion 
any outstanding principal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in 
relation to each Local Access Single Name Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Local Access Single Name Succession Reference Entity will no longer be 
a Reference Entity unless it is also a Successor;

--- Page 627 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
627 
 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Local Access Single 
Name Successor Entity") and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date (and accordingly, more than one Relevant Risk 
Event) may occur in respect of the Credit Linked Notes but once only in 
relation to each Successor; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of the Local Access Single Name Successor Entity 
after such Succession Date: 
(I) 
the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes will not redeem 
in whole, but instead the provisions of these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall be deemed to apply to the to the nominal amount 
represented by such Local Access Single Name Successor Entity 
only after the apportionment described above is effected (the "Local 
Access Single Name Partial Nominal Amount");  
(II) 
the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, 
be redeemed in part in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 
9(f)(i) (LA Cash Redemption), (ii) (LA Physical Redemption) or (iii) 
(LA Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed part 
being equal to a Noteholder's pro rata share of the Local Access 
Single Name Partial Nominal Amount (provided that if "Credit 
Payment on Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur 
only on the Final LA Cash Redemption Date)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly.  
Following such event, the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with 
these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the 
identification of more than one Successor), considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if some but not all of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes are 
early redeeming in accordance with General Condition 5 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes; and   
(E) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(vii) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(viii) 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
following a Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each such Reference

--- Page 628 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
628 
 
Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession Date has previously 
occurred, a "Local Access Basket Succession Reference Entity" and the Reference 
Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous Succession Dates, the 
"Local Access Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities"), more than one 
Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect 
the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion 
any outstanding principal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in 
relation to each Local Access Basket Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Local Access Basket Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a 
Reference Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Local Access Basket 
Successor Entity") and the Local Access Basket Non-Succession Reference 
Entities will continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of a Local Access Basket Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Local 
Access Basket Successor Entity only after the apportionment 
described above is effected (the "Local Access Basket Partial 
Nominal Amount");  
(II) 
the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be 
redeemed in part in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 
10(f)(i) (LA Cash Redemption), (ii) (LA Physical Redemption) or 
(iii) (LA Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed 
part being equal to a Noteholder's pro rata share of the Local Access 
Basket Partial Nominal Amount (provided that if "Credit Payment 
on Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly.  
Following such event, the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes shall 
remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these 
Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent 
in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to 
be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more 
than one Successor), considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
such Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on

--- Page 629 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
629 
 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in accordance with General Condition 5 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes; 
and    
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(viii) shall apply in 
respect of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(i) 
Exchange Offer 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to paragraph (a) of the 
definition of "Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of 
Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the 
Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
25. 
Deliverable Obligations 
(a) 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
If (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method and "Mod R" 
applies and (ii) "Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice 
delivered by the Calculation Agent, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a 
Deliverable Obligation may only be specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final 
maturity date not later than the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of the 
Delivery Date. In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and with respect to an Insured 
Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the 
term "final maturity date", as such term is used in this paragraph shall mean the specified date 
by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
(b) 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
(i) 
If (A) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method and 
"Mod Mod R" applies and (B) Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a 
Credit Event Notice delivered by Issuer, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a 
Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a 
Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may only be specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, if it (x) 
is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (y) has a final maturity date not later 
than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date in each case, as 
of the Delivery Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the purposes of this Credit 
Linked Condition 25(b)(i), in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final 
maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such 
Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final 
maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and with respect to an Insured

--- Page 630 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
630 
 
Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial 
interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is used in this Credit Linked 
Condition 25(b)(i) shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy 
guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate 
Balance will occur. 
(ii) 
Where a "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation" applies and a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement (or in any NOPS Amendment Notice, if applicable) is a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation with respect to which consent is required to novate, assign or 
transfer, and the requisite consent is refused (whether or not a reason is given for such 
refusal and, where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason), or is 
not received by the Physical Redemption Date (in which case it shall be deemed to 
have been refused), the Calculation Agent shall inform the Issuer. The Issuer shall 
promptly notify the Fiscal Agent (for onward notification to the Noteholder) of such 
refusal (or deemed refusal). If a Noteholder (x) does not designate a third party; (y) 
designates a third party in circumstances where it will be illegal due to any applicable 
law or regulation for the designee to take Delivery or such Delivery would give rise to 
any tax or any loss or cost to the Issuer; or (z) a Noteholder does not take Delivery on 
or prior to the Physical Redemption Date, then Credit Linked Condition 19(h) 
(Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) may be applied by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Determination of Final Maturity Date 
For the purposes of making a determination under paragraph (a) (Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation) or (b)(i) (Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation) of this Credit Linked 
Condition 25, the relevant final maturity date shall, subject to the definition of "Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation", be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation 
in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation 
that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such 
determination is made. 
(d) 
Multiple Holder Obligation 
(i) 
Unless "Multiple Holder Obligation" is specified to be not applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then none of the events described in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) of the 
definition of "Restructuring" shall constitute a Restructuring unless the Obligation is a 
Multiple Holder Obligation, where "Multiple Holder Obligation" means an 
Obligation that (A) at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit 
Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and (B) 
with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the 
Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and two-
thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event 
(provided that sub-paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be satisfied where the Obligation 
is a Bond).  
(ii) 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for the purposes of this definition, 
the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments for which the 
Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. 
(iii) 
In respect of an LPN Reference Entity, Multiple Holder Obligation will be "Not 
Applicable" with respect to any Reference Obligation (and any Underlying Loan).

--- Page 631 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
631 
 
26. 
Reference Obligation 
(a) 
Standard Reference Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
(i) 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" applies, then the Reference Obligation for the 
relevant Reference Entity will be the Standard Reference Obligation which is the 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity with the relevant Seniority Level specified 
from time to time on the SRO List.  
(ii) 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" does not apply, then the Reference Obligation(s) 
for the relevant Reference Entity will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms for such Reference Entity. 
(iii) 
If no election is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "Standard Reference 
Obligation" shall apply. 
(b) 
Substitute Reference Obligation 
(i) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the Calculation Agent may identify a Substitute Reference Obligation in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26(b)(iii), (iv) and (v) to replace such Non-
Standard Reference Obligation; provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify 
an Obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of the 
determination, such Obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference 
Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such 
Obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. In 
the case of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note or an Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note, as applicable, if there is no Standard Reference Obligation and the Index 
Sponsor publishes a replacement Reference Obligation for such Reference Entity, the 
Calculation Agent shall select such obligation rather than identify a Substitute 
Reference Obligation in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26(b)(iii), (iv) and 
(v).  
(ii) 
If any of the events contained in paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution 
Event" have occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, such Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than 
for the purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and Credit Linked Condition 
26(b)(iii)(B). If the event contained in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of 
"Substitution Event" has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, such Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will continue to be a Reference Obligation until the Substitute 
Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under 
paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with respect to such 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(iii) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an Obligation that on the Substitution 
Date: 
(A) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy));

--- Page 632 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
632 
 
(B) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the 
date it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change the priority of 
payment after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(C) 
(I) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior 
to the Substitution Event Date: 
1. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation"; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
2. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; 
(II) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
1. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
(other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
2. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation"; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
3. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no 
such Obligation is available, 
4. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; 
or 
(III) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
1. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no 
such obligation is available, 
2. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
(other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
3. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of

--- Page 633 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
633 
 
"Deliverable Obligation"; or if no such Obligation is 
available, 
4. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation". 
(iv) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in Credit Linked Condition 26(b)(iii), the Substitute Reference 
Obligation will be the potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely 
preserves the economic equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations of the 
Issuer under the relevant Series, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The 
Calculation Agent will (if a Substitute Reference Obligation has not been identified) 
notify the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer of a Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as 
reasonably practicable after it has been identified in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 26(b)(iii) and the Substitute Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation immediately upon such notification. 
(v) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference 
Obligation is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation then or has yet to 
identify a suitable substitute, subject to Credit Linked Condition 26(b)(i) and 
notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased 
to be the Reference Obligation in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26(b)(ii), 
the Calculation Agent may continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
(c) 
Redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only Series 
(i) 
If the event set out in paragraph (a) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occurs 
with respect to the Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit Linked Notes in respect 
of a Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall be redeemed in full or in part at the Substitution Event Redemption 
Amount. The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, a notice in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 28 (Notices) to the Noteholders stating the 
occurrence of such Substitution Event and setting out the date on which the Credit 
Linked Notes will be redeemed in full or in part, which shall be a date not earlier than 
the relevant Substitution Event Date. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" (a) no Substitute 
Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect of the Reference Obligation for a 
Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies and such Reference 
Obligation is the only Reference Obligation for such Reference Entity in the Obligation 
Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category, and (b) if the events set out in 
paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with respect to the 
Reference Obligation, such Reference Obligation shall continue to be the Reference 
Obligation and in such circumstance, there shall be no redemption of the Credit Linked 
Notes in full or in part. 
(d) 
DC Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution 
Notwithstanding the provision of Credit Linked Condition 26(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation), the Calculation Agent may, but shall not be obliged to, select as the Substitute

--- Page 634 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
634 
 
Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit Linked Notes an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity which is determined by DC Resolution to be the Substitute Reference 
Obligation to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation.  
27. 
Calculation Agent Determination 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, amongst other things: 
(i) 
determining a Successor or Successors and making any other determinations required 
to be made under Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions) including if there 
is a Steps Plan, making appropriate adjustments required to take account of any 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
"Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from 
(and including) the legally effective date of the first succession to and including the 
Succession Date; 
(ii) 
determining whether (A) the aggregate amounts due under any Reference Obligation 
have been materially reduced by redemption or otherwise (other than due to any 
scheduled redemption, amortisation or prepayments), (B) any Reference Obligation is 
an Underlying Obligation with a Qualifying Guarantee of a Reference Entity and, other 
than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Qualifying Guarantee is 
no longer a valid and binding Obligation of such Reference Entity enforceable in 
accordance with its terms, or (C) for any reason other than as described in (A) or (B) 
above and other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, any 
Reference Obligation is no longer an Obligation of a Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
identifying and determining a Substitute Reference Obligation; 
(iv) 
in the event that multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring 
are delivered pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 16 (M(M)R Restructuring), making 
any modifications required pursuant to that Credit Linked Condition 16; 
(v) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, determining the Exercise 
Amount of Credit Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring applies;  
(vi) 
obtaining Quotations (and, if necessary, determining whether such Quotations shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest) and determining the Final Price in 
accordance with the applicable Valuation Method; 
(vii) 
converting the Quotation Amount into the relevant Obligation Currency; 
(viii) 
determining the Quotation Dealers (where none have been specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) and substituting Quotation Dealers; 
(ix) 
determining the LA Recovery Amount and the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption 
Amount (if any) in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable; 
(x) 
determining the Currency Rate and Revised Currency Rate where, in each case, it is 
not available at the Next Currency Fixing Time; 
(xi) 
determining the number of Business Days in each Physical Settlement Period;

--- Page 635 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
635 
 
(xii) 
determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount of the 
Deliverable Obligations to be included in the Physical Redemption Assets; 
(xiii) 
determining any adjustments pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event) or 10(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory 
Change Event); 
(xiv) 
determining any adjustment payment pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Event 
Determination Date – Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events); 
(xv) 
determining whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation 
shall include or exclude accrued interest and if "Include Accrued Interest" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms with respect to Deliverable Obligations, determining 
accrued but unpaid interest;  
(xvi) 
determining whether a Merger Event or Substitution Event Date has occurred; 
(xvii) 
determining the Asset Market Value of an Asset Package; 
(xviii) 
determining whether a "Failure to Pay" has occurred where the "2019 NTCE 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)" and 
"Credit Deterioration Requirement" apply (for which purpose, the Calculation Agent 
will take into account any guidance provided in the 2019 NTCE Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019));  
(xix) 
determining whether a Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event or Market 
Value Trigger Event has occurred in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable;  
(xx) 
determining whether an event occurring under the terms of the Reference Assets 
Conditions relating to Reference Assets constitutes a Non-Viability Trigger Event in 
respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, as applicable; 
(xxi) 
determining the updates required to be made to the relevant Reference Registry set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms from time to time, in respect of Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes; 
(xxii) 
determining the Reference Assets FX Forward Termination Value, in respect of Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes to which "FX Forward Rate" applies;  
(xxiii) 
interpreting any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms); 
(xxiv) 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, with respect 
to Credit Linked Notes to which "Redemption by Instalments" applies and where any 
Instalment Redemption Amount(s) relating to the outstanding portion (if any) of such 
Credit Linked Notes remain outstanding, recalculating the Instalment Redemption 
Amount(s) as necessary (and, for the avoidance of doubt, following such recalculation, 
the Instalment Redemption Amount(s) shall be deemed to be automatically 
readjusted).

--- Page 636 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
636 
 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after making any of the determinations 
specified in Credit Linked Condition 27(a)(i) to notify the Issuer of such determination. 
(c) 
If any of the matters set out in this Credit Linked Condition 27 are decided and/or determined 
by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the Calculation Agent may follow such 
decision or determination to the extent such decision and/or determination is applicable to any 
Credit Linked Notes. In certain circumstances, the Calculation Agent shall be required to follow 
the decisions or determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or 
determinations made by the Calculation Agent may be overridden by subsequent determinations 
made by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time, without obtaining the consent of the Noteholders, 
amend any provision of these Credit Linked Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms in any 
manner which the Calculation Agent determines (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) 
is necessary or desirable (i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or alternative documents or 
protocols from time to time published by ISDA with respect to the documentation or redemption 
of Credit Linked Notes and/or (y) the operation or application of determinations by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees and/or (ii) to account for market practice to be reflected 
in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Any amendment made in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 27 shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
13 (Notices). 
28. 
Notices 
(a) 
Interpretation 
References in these Credit Linked Conditions to a notice being delivered in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices) shall include such Condition as amended by the terms of any 
Global Registered Note Certificate representing the Credit Linked Notes.  
(b) 
Notices required to be delivered 
The Issuer shall deliver, or may cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, notice to the Noteholders of 
the following, in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 28, to the extent required to be 
delivered pursuant to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information; 
(ii) 
a Notice of Physical Settlement and, if applicable, any NOPS Amendment Notice; 
(iii) 
a Risk Event Notice, if applicable; 
(iv) 
a Successor Notice (provided that no Successor Notice shall be required following a 
determination by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that a Successor has 
been identified); 
(v) 
if the terms of any Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes provide for the basket or Index, as 
applicable, to be amended from time to time other than as a result of the identification 
of any Successor, details of any amendments to the basket or Index, as applicable;

--- Page 637 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
637 
 
(vi) 
the designation of any Substitute Reference Obligation (provided that (A) no such 
notice shall be required following a determination by a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee of a Substitute Reference Obligation has occurred and (B) 
the failure of the Issuer to deliver a notice to the Noteholders pursuant to this Credit 
Linked Condition 28 shall not affect the effectiveness of any designation of such 
Substitute Reference Obligation by the Calculation Agent (such designation to be in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions); 
(vii) 
a notice detailing the suspension of payment of interest pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked Notes); 
(viii) 
a notice detailing any adjustment payments required to be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to Credit Linked Conditions 14 (Event Determination Date – Adjustment Payment and 
Ordering of Events) or 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event); 
(ix) 
following the determination of the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject 
to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 18 (Cash Redemption Terms), the Cash 
Redemption Amount Notice; 
(x) 
following the determination of the Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject 
to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 17 (Auction Redemption Terms), the 
Auction Redemption Amount Notice; 
(xi) 
a Notice to Exercise Movement Option; 
(xii) 
a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice; 
(xiii) 
a Redemption Suspension Notice; and 
(xiv) 
a Payment Failure Event Notice. 
(c) 
Effectiveness of Notices 
(i) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 28, any notice required to be delivered 
by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions shall 
be deemed to have been delivered to Noteholders upon delivery of such notice to the 
Fiscal Agent by the Issuer (upon receipt of such notice from the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable). The failure of the Fiscal Agent to deliver any such notice to Noteholders 
shall not affect (x) the effectiveness of any notice delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer and/or by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, (y) the effectiveness of any 
determinations made by any of them or (iii) the right of the Issuer to redeem (in whole 
or in part) the Credit Linked Notes or to writedown the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to and in accordance with the 
relevant Credit Linked Condition. In addition, the failure of the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or the Fiscal Agent to deliver any notice or any decision by any of them to not 
deliver a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, shall not constitute 
an Event of Default under the Credit Linked Notes. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 28, a notice delivered by the Issuer to 
the Fiscal Agent on or prior to 3.00 p.m. (London time) on an Issuer Business Day will 
be effective on such Issuer Business Day. A notice delivered after 3.00 p.m. (London

--- Page 638 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
638 
 
time) on an Issuer Business Day will be deemed effective on the next following Issuer 
Business Day, regardless of the form in which it is delivered. 
(iii) 
Other than as specified herein, Clauses 23 (Communications) and 24 (Notices) of the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement shall apply to any relevant communications and notices 
delivered in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions. 
29. 
Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
(a) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall be construed as though the relevant 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect 
to Bonds; 
(b) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance" or 
"Not Bearer" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; (ii) the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, such Issue 
Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable 
Obligations that are not Loans; or (iii) any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
"Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, such Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only 
with respect to Loans; and 
(c) 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan 
Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics. 
(d) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same 
category or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation 
must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms from the following list: "Not Subordinated", "Specified 
Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic 
Law". 
(iii) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms from the 
following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent

--- Page 639 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
639 
 
Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", 
"Accelerated" or "Matured" and "Not Bearer"; and 
(iv) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(e) 
For the purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Maximum 
Maturity", remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable 
Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable 
Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(f) 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" apply, if an obligation 
would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of 
making the determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(g) 
For the purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and 
the requirements specified in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Mod R" and sub-paragraph 
(a) of the definition of "Mod Mod R" to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, any such determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant obligation 
in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(h) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" applies, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy 
the "Maximum Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency 
Capital Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic. 
30. 
No frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, no Credit Linked Notes will be considered frustrated, or 
otherwise void or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
any relevant Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade 
Date; and/or 
(b) 
the Obligation(s), the Deliverable Obligation(s) or the Reference Obligation(s) do not exist on, 
or cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date. 
31. 
Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Credit Linked Notes should be read in conjunction 
with the Credit Linked Conditions. Where terms are used but not defined in these Credit Linked 
Conditions, they will have the meaning given to them elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions. 
"2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)" 
means the 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019).

--- Page 640 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
640 
 
"Additional LPN" means, in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, any bond issued in the form 
of an LPN by an LPN Issuer for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to: 
(a) 
finance an Underlying Loan to the LPN Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
provide finance to the LPN Reference Entity by way of an Underlying Finance 
Instrument, 
provided that, 
(i) 
either: 
(A) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN, such 
Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect 
of the LPN Reference Entity; or 
(B) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to 
such LPN, such Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the following 
Obligation Characteristics: Not Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and Not 
Domestic Currency; 
(ii) 
the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: Transferable, 
Not Bearer, Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic Law, 
Not Domestic Issuance; and 
(iii) 
the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking 
Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying 
Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of the holders 
of the LPNs. 
"Additional Obligation" means, in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, each of the obligations 
listed as an Additional Obligation of such Reference Entity in the Issue Terms or set forth on 
the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List, as published by Markit Group Limited, or any 
successor thereto, as of the Trade Date, which list is currently available at 
https://ihsmarkit.com/products/red-cds.html.  
"Additional Risk Event" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the occurrence or existence, on or after the Additional Risk Event Start Date, of:  
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event;  
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event; 
(d) 
a Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event; 
(e) 
a Non-Viability Trigger Event; 
(f) 
a Market Value Trigger Event; and/or 
(g) 
a Reference Assets Restructuring Event; and/or

--- Page 641 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
641 
 
(h) 
any other Additional Risk Event specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Additional Risk Event Start Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Trade Date or the Issue Date, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that (1) a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur or (2) any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any 
official register in respect of the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark 
has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or 
withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case, with 
the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, 
permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Benchmark to perform its or their 
respective obligations under the  Credit Linked Notes or (3) save where the relevant Issue Terms 
specify that "Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3))" is not applicable, it is not 
commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in connection with the 
Credit Linked Notes as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of 
obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or 
perform its obligations in respect of the Credit Linked Note and for any reason such licence is 
either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of 
obtaining or renewing such licence), or (4) there has been an official announcement by the 
supervisor of the administrator and/or sponsor of the Benchmark that the Benchmark is no 
longer representative or as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of being 
representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality that such Benchmark 
is intended to measure. 
"Affected Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity in respect of which a Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, has occurred (provided that, for the avoidance of 
doubt, for (a) Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, only the nth Reference Entity can be 
an Affected Reference Entity (b) Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, where "Redemption 
in Full" applies, all Reference Entities will be deemed to be Affected Reference Entities). 
"Aggregate Default Count" means, in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
on the Issue Date, zero and thereafter, an amount increased by each Event Determination Date 
by the Reference Entity Count (determined immediately prior to such Event Determination 
Date) of the related Reference Entity provided that if any Event Determination Date occurs at 
such time when the Calculation Agent has determined that there remains unresolved potential 
Credit Events which could result in an earlier Event Determination Date occurring with respect 
to one or more Reference Entities than the Event Determination Date in respect of any Reference 
Entity it is considering, such increase to the Aggregate Default Count shall not be effected until 
such time as the Calculation Agent has confirmed that no other earlier Event Determination 
Date could occur. 
"Aggregate Loss Amount" means at any time on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate of all Loss Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected 
Reference Entities for such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; plus

--- Page 642 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
642 
 
(ii) 
the Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount calculated with respect to such 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the aggregate of all Loss 
Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected Reference Entities for such Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
"Aggregate Recovery Amount" means at any time on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate of all Recovery Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected 
Reference Entities for such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; plus 
(ii) 
the Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount, if applicable, calculated with 
respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the aggregate of all Recovery 
Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected Reference Entities for such Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
"Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Settled Entity Loss Amounts for all Settled 
Entities. 
"Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Settled Entity Recovery Amounts for all 
Settled Entities. 
"Applicable Auction" means an Auction which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant 
to a Relevant Credit Event with respect to a relevant Reference Entity where the Deliverable 
Obligations set out on the Final List or the Deliverable Obligation Terms meet the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may 
take into account without limitation (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and 
Reference Entity, whether the Credit Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the 
seniority of the transactions covered by such auction, whether a representative credit derivative 
transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the Credit Linked 
Notes would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an "Event Determination Date" 
were deemed to occur), if the Auction relates to an M(M)R Restructuring, whether the 
designated ranges of scheduled termination dates covered by the auction would cover such 
representative credit derivative transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Note and 
any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated with such announcement. and (b) any 
Hedging Positions the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked 
Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such 
Credit Linked Notes).  
"Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means with respect to a relevant 
Reference Entity, a Credit Event and an Applicable Auction, the Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms (if any) which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit 
Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without 
limitation (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the 
Credit Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the seniority of the transactions covered 
by such auction, the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List, whether a representative

--- Page 643 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
643 
 
credit derivative transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the 
Credit Linked Notes would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an "Event 
Determination Date" were deemed to occur), whether the Deliverable Obligation Terms meet 
the Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes and, if the Auction relates to 
an M(M)R Restructuring, whether the designated ranges of scheduled termination dates covered 
by the auction would cover such representative credit derivative transaction with the same tenor 
as the Credit Linked Notes and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated with 
such auction settlement terms) and (b) any Hedging Positions that the Issuer has entered or may 
enter into in connection with the Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any 
determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). The Calculation Agent shall, 
as soon as practicable after the relevant Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms are published, notify the Issuer that Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms have been published with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit 
Event. Copies of the Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are made 
available by the DC Secretary at its website (www.isda.org) or any successor website). 
"Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement" means a DC Credit Event Announcement 
which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which 
purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the applicable Credit Event, 
Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to interpretation 
under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation resulting in a credit 
event, the date the credit event occurred, the reference obligations in question and any connected 
DC Resolution (including in respect of the determination of a Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date) and/or statement associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that 
the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
"Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means a DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes 
(for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the 
applicable question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the 
announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations 
or seniority of the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to 
have occurred, the deliverable obligations and/or seniority of the deliverable obligations(s) in 
question, if relevant, the reference obligations in question and connected DC Resolution and/or 
statement associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has 
entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
"Applicable DC Credit Event Question" means a DC Credit Event Question which the 
Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the 
Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable question 
submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to 
interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of the 
obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, the 
reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated 
with such announcement and (b) any credit hedging transaction that the Issuer has entered or 
may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that may impact, amongst other 
things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). 
"Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means a DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable 
question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of

--- Page 644 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
644 
 
the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, 
the reference obligations in question, the date of such question dismissal and any connected DC 
Resolution and/or statement associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position 
that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that 
may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked 
Notes). 
"Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement" means a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes 
(for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) 
applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation 
resulting in a credit event, the date the credit event occurred, the reference obligations in 
question and any connected DC Resolutions and/or statements associated with such 
announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in 
connection with the Credit Linked Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any 
determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). 
"Applicable Principal Currency Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity, an 
amount equal to the nominal amount of the Reference Investor Assets of such Reference Entity, 
expressed as the Settlement Currency Principal Amount or the LCY Reference Amount, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Applicable Proportion" means (subject to the relevant provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 24 (Successor Provisions)), in respect of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event (as applicable) and a Credit Linked Note: 
(a) 
in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the product of: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(A) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, 100 per 
cent.; or 
(B) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, an amount 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the Exercise Amount 
specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant 
Reference Entity and Credit Event, divided by (y) the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(b) 
in the case of Nth to-Default Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(A) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring: 
(I) 
in respect of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, 
100 per cent.; or 
(II) 
in respect of a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or an 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, an amount

--- Page 645 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
645 
 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount relating to the relevant Affected 
Reference Entity, divided by (y) the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
or Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable; or 
(B) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, an amount 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the Exercise Amount 
specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant 
Reference Entity and Credit Event, divided by (y) the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(c) 
in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (A) the relevant Principal 
Writedown Amount with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and 
Relevant Credit Event, divided by (B) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes;  
(d) 
in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the product of: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
100 per cent.; and 
(e) 
in the case of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Redemption in Part" applies (or is deemed to apply) to such Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to: 
(A) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount relating to the relevant 
Affected Reference Entity; divided by  
(B) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes; or 
(ii) 
if "Redemption in Full" applies to such Credit Linked Notes, the product of: 
(A) 
the Outstanding Nominal Amount of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(B) 
100 per cent. 
"Applicable Resolution" means a DC Resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable 
question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of 
the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, 
the reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement

--- Page 646 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
646 
 
associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered or 
may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
"Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means, with respect to a relevant 
Reference Entity and a Credit Event, the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
which the Calculation Agent determines constitute Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Argentine Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "2020 Additional 
Provisions for the Argentine Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations (September 16, 2020)" apply. 
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" 
or other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, 
incurred, paid or provided by the relevant Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which 
was realised or capable of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no 
longer exists). 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the 
methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a 
choice of combination of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the 
Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to 
be zero. An Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding 
Principal Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
applicable, to which it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" apply: (i) a 
Governmental Intervention; or (ii) a Restructuring in respect of the Reference 
Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, if "Restructuring" applies and such 
Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" applies, a 
Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
"Attachment Point" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Auction" means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit Event, 
unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, an auction 
pursuant to which an Auction Final Price is to be determined in accordance with the auction 
procedure set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 647 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
647 
 
"Auction Cancellation Date" means, with respect to an Auction, unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the date on which such Auction 
was deemed to have been cancelled as announced by the DC Secretary (and/or the 
administrators specified in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms) on its 
website or such other date as determined and announced in accordance with the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Final Price" means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the price (expressed as a 
percentage) in respect of the deliverable obligations which would constitute Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or Deliverable Obligation(s) under the Credit Linked Notes or if an Asset 
Package Credit Event has resulted in such Applicable Auction, in respect of the Asset Package 
which results from either a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond under 
the Credit Linked Notes. The Auction Final Price with respect to a Reference Entity and a 
related Credit Event can be obtained at the auction administrator's website at 
http://www.creditfixings.com/CreditEventAuctions/fixings.jsp or any successor website. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, the 
day, if any, on which the Auction Final Price is determined or such other date as specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the Applicable Proportion or, in respect of Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes which are also 
Zero Coupon Notes, if “Premium Accreted Amount” is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount equal to the 
Applicable Proportion plus the Premium Accreted Amount; 
(B) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes which are also Zero Coupon Notes, the Zero 
Coupon Percentage; and 
(C) 
the Auction Final Price; minus 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.  
"Auction Redemption Amount Notice" means a notice in writing specifying the Auction 
Redemption Amount, the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final 
Auction Redemption Amount, Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or Portfolio 
Tranched Final Redemption Amount, as applicable, including the Auction Final Price, any Loss 
Amount, Recovery Amount, Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, and/or Index Tranched

--- Page 648 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
648 
 
Incurred Recovery Amount Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, and the Unwind Costs, if any. 
"Auction Redemption Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business 
Days) following the date on which the Issuer delivers the Auction Redemption Amount Notice 
to the Fiscal Agent. 
"Bankruptcy" means the relevant Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts 
as they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme 
or composition becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition: 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty 
calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian, monitor or other similar official 
for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within thirty calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs 
(a) to (g) of this definition. 
“Benchmark” means CDSW Price Field. 
“Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event” means, in respect of the Benchmark any of 
the following:

--- Page 649 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
649 
 
(a) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(b) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such 
Benchmark; or 
(c) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark in respect 
of the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Capital Ratio" means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity, the ratio of capital to risk 
weighted assets applicable to the Obligation, as described in the terms thereof in effect from 
time to time. 
"Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the Applicable Proportion or, in respect of Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes which are also 
Zero Coupon Notes, if “Premium Accreted Amount” is specified to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount equal to the 
Applicable Proportion plus the Premium Accreted Amount;  
(B) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes which are also Zero Coupon Notes, the Zero 
Coupon Percentage; and 
(C) 
(I) the Final Price or (II) where "Fixed Recovery Redemption" is 
applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage; minus 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.  
"Cash Redemption Amount Notice" means a notice in writing specifying the Cash 
Redemption Amount, the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final 
Cash Redemption Amount, Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Final Redemption Amount, as applicable, including the Final Price, any Loss Amount, 
Recovery Amount, Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount, Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, and Unwind Costs, if any, together with (i) the 
Valuation Obligation(s) which were the subject of the Quotation, (ii) the Valuation Date, (iii) 
the Quotation Amount, (iv) each such Quotation that it received in connection with the 
calculation of the Final Price and (v) a written computation showing such calculation. 
"Cash Redemption Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business

--- Page 650 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
650 
 
Days) following the date on which the Issuer delivers the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to 
the Fiscal Agent. 
"Certificate Balance" means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and in the case 
of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate balance or similar measure of 
unreimbursed principal investment. 
"CoCo Provision" means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity and with respect to an 
Obligation, a provision which requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of 
principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another 
instrument, in each case, if the Capital Ratio is at or below the Trigger Percentage. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions shall not result in delivery 
of the Deliverable Obligation to Noteholders. 
"CoCo Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "2014 CoCo Supplement to 
the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014)" applies. 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of the Delivery Date, provided, 
however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if 
any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the 
relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required 
for such novation, assignment or transfer, so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation 
provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that 
notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a 
trustee, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall 
not be considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this definition of 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, in the event that a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of this 
definition, and if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of 
the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as 
the Insured Instrument. References in this definition to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be 
deemed to include the insurer and insuring, respectively. 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation". 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement 
Terms 
published 
by 
the 
DC 
Secretary 
on 
its 
website 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to 
time and may be amended from time to time. The Calculation Agent shall be authorised to 
construe any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms) in such manner as it shall determine in 
its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to be necessary in order to give 
effect to the meaning of any word or expression used herein which is defined by reference to 
such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 651 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
651 
 
"Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" means each committee established pursuant 
to the DC Rules for the purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions. 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following Credit Events as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation 
Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention. If an 
occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence 
based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant Reference Entity to 
enter into any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any 
Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with 
respect to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however 
described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however 
described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for the purposes of this definition, references 
to the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be the Trade Date, the Issue Date or a number of days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or, with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition thereof), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days 
prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the "Notice 
Delivery Date", if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period 
and (ii) the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs 
during the Post Dismissal Additional Period. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention.

--- Page 652 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
652 
 
"Credit Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, which the Calculation Agent has 
the right (but not the obligation) to deliver, which: 
(a) 
identifies the Series of Credit Linked Notes to which the Credit Event Notice relates; 
(b) 
states the Calculation Agent's intention for the Issuer to either redeem or write down 
the relevant Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, by the Applicable Proportion thereof, 
in accordance with the relevant Credit Event Redemption Method and the applicable 
Fallback Redemption Method; and 
(c) 
describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and 
on or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must 
be in respect of the full Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes or the full Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, as 
applicable, in the relevant Series, subject to Credit Linked Condition 23 (Successor Provisions). 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Relevant Credit Event has occurred. The Relevant Credit Event that is the 
subject of the Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice 
is effective. 
"Credit Event Redemption Amount" means, the Auction Redemption Amount, Cash 
Redemption Amount, Index Tranched Redemption Amount, Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount or the LA Cash Redemption Amount.  
"Credit Event Redemption Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the Auction Redemption 
Date or the Cash Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final Auction Redemption Date 
or the Final Cash Redemption Date; or  
(iii) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies as the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
the Fallback Redemption Method, the Physical Redemption Date; 
(b) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the Auction Redemption 
Date or the Cash Redemption Date; or

--- Page 653 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
653 
 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final Auction Redemption Date 
or the Final Cash Redemption Date; or 
(c) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, the LA Cash Redemption 
Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date; or 
(iii) 
if "LA Physical Redemption" applies as the Risk Event Redemption Method, 
the LA Physical Redemption Date. 
"Credit Event Redemption Method" means:  
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption, 
Physical Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption; or 
(b) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Auction Redemption, Cash 
Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption, 
in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, 
the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary or as set out in any DC Resolution, that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC 
Credit Event Question was effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to 
such DC Credit Event Question. 
"Credit Event Writedown Date" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and a Relevant Credit Event, the first day immediately 
following the Relevant Event Determination Date relating to such Relevant Credit Event. 
"Credit Linked Adjustment Event" means any existing Hedging Positions, or the ability of 
the Issuer and/or any Affiliate to enter into new Hedging Positions in respect of the Hypothetical 
Index Swaption Transaction, are affected by any change in any standard terms used in any 
relevant market (such standard terms including, without limitation, any version of the 2014 
Definitions, any supplements thereto or any other terms or documentation that may be published 
by ISDA from time to time, and such a change including, without limitation, any amendment to 
or reinterpretation of any standard terms or the publication or introduction of new standard 
terms) or in market practice in any relevant market. 
"Credit Linked Note" means a Single Name Credit Linked Note, an Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Note, a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, an Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Note, an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, a 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note.

--- Page 654 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
654 
 
"Credit Payment on Maturity Amount" means, on any day, if "Credit Payment on Maturity" 
applies, the aggregate of all Auction Redemption Amounts, Cash Redemption Amounts, Index 
Tranched Redemption Amounts, Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts or LA Cash 
Redemption Amounts, as applicable, calculated on such day.  
"CRR" means Article 63 of Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
"Currency Amount" means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice 
of Physical Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an 
amount converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference 
to the Currency Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back 
into the Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice into the currency 
of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
"Currency Rate" means with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency 
in which the Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either 
(i) determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time 
or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine and (b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the Revised 
Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 
4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"CUSIP" means, with respect to a security, the "CUSIP" identification number assigned to such 
security (if any). 
"Custodian" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, any custodian (including the Reference Custodian), sub-
custodian, depositary, settlement system, bank or clearing house (or any agent or delegate of 
any of the foregoing) or any exchange used by a Reference Investor as part of any Reference 
Custodial/Settlement Arrangement entered into from time to time. 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or 
the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable. 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after 
the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date provided that if the Credit 
Event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must 
relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or 
the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date.

--- Page 655 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
655 
 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity, a public announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee will be convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve an issue in respect to a 
Reference Entity. 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC-determined EDD" has the meaning given in Credit Linked Condition 14(b) (Ordering of 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple Credit Events 
or Risk Events). 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, 
a public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does 
not constitute a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity. 
"DC Resolution" means a resolution of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in 
accordance with the definition of "Resolve" below. 
"DC Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by 
the DC Secretary on its website https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any 
successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance 
with the terms hereof. 
"DC Secretary" means DC Administration Services, Inc. or such other entity designated as DC 
Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules. 
"Default Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 
10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, as of the 
occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event. 
"Deliver" means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of 
the benefit of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the 
settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all 
necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions): 
(a) 
in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to Deliverable Obligations where any 
equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, to the relevant Noteholder; and 
(b) 
free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any 
liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearing system, but including, 
without limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence 
based on the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") 
or right of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying 
Obligor),

--- Page 656 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
656 
 
provided that: 
(i) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Direct Loan Participation, "Deliver" means to create 
(or procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the relevant Noteholder; and 
(ii) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both the 
Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, 
provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, "Deliver" means to Deliver the 
Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such 
Fixed Cap. 
"Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form 
of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that 
time provided further that each of the Issuer and each Noteholder agrees to comply with the 
provisions of any documentation (which shall be deemed to include any market advisory that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to approve for such 
purpose) that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves constitutes 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, 
as such documentation may be amended to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves is appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery and 
payment obligations of the parties hereunder. 
The Issuer and each Noteholder further agrees that compliance by it with the provisions of any 
such documentation, shall be required for, and, without further action, constitute, Delivery for 
the purposes of this definition (to the extent that such documentation contains provisions 
describing how Delivery should be effected) and neither the Issuer nor any Noteholder shall be 
permitted to request that the other take, nor shall it be required to take, any action under Credit 
Linked Condition 19(b) (Physical Redemption Assets) or 19(k) (LA Physical Redemption 
Terms) unless otherwise contemplated by such documentation. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, "Deliver" with respect to an obligation that 
is a Qualifying Policy means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and the benefit of the 
Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally recognised custodian 
representing an interest in such Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and 
"Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. Further, for the purposes of this 
definition, references to the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed 
to include Insured Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee) or in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying 
Policy, determined pursuant to the "Method for determining Deliverable Obligations" 
below; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation or Reference Assets, as applicable, of the relevant Reference 
Entity;

--- Page 657 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
657 
 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a relevant Reference 
Entity which is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if, 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" applies) or any Package Observable Bond (if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the 
obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than 
zero (determined for the purposes of paragraph (d) of this definition, immediately prior to the 
relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
(A) 
Method for determining Deliverable Obligations 
For the purposes of this definition of "Deliverable Obligation", a Deliverable 
Obligation shall be each Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity described by the 
Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and, subject 
to Credit Linked Condition 29 (Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics), having each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, as of the 
Delivery Date (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms). The 
following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(I) 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed 
Money, Reference Obligation Only, Reference Assets Only Settlement, 
Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined in the definition of 
"Obligation" below, except that, for the purposes of determining Deliverable 
Obligations, the definition of "Reference Obligation Only" or "Reference 
Assets Only Settlement", as applicable, shall be amended to state that no 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference 
Obligation Only or Reference Assets Only Settlement, as applicable). 
(II) 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not 
Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic 
Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance, (each as 
defined in the definition of "Obligation" below), Assignable Loan, Consent 
Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, 
Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer. For the avoidance of doubt, in 
respect of a Limited Recourse Obligation, the Not Subordinated 
Characteristic will be deemed to have been satisfied. 
(1) 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which the 
principal amount owed, whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, 
termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance 
with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and 
without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable 
insolvency laws; 
(2) 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned 
or novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or financial 
institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are 
not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate,

--- Page 658 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
658 
 
without the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, 
if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the 
relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(3) 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being 
assigned or novated with the consent of the Reference Entity or the 
guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant 
borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) 
or any agent; 
(4) 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, 
pursuant to a participation agreement, Issuer is capable of creating, 
or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of each 
Noteholder that provides each such Noteholder with recourse to the 
participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under 
the relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, 
any such agreement to be entered into between each such Noteholder 
and either (A) the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, as the case may 
be (to the extent the Issuer and/or any such Affiliate, as applicable, 
is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate), or 
(B) any lender or member of the relevant lending syndicate 
nominated by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent; 
(5) 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining 
maturity of not greater than the period specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (or if no such period is specified, 30 years); 
(6) 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument 
unless interests with respect to such bearer instrument are cleared 
via the Euroclear system, Clearstream International or any other 
internationally recognised clearing system; and 
(7) 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to 
institutional investors without any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restriction provided that none of the following shall be 
considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide 
for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A or 
Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any 
jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the 
eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or 
regulatory investment restrictions on insurance companies 
and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around 
payment dates or voting periods. 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" above:

--- Page 659 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
659 
 
(a) 
in respect of: 
(I) 
a Hellenic Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond 
or a Loan" that was issued or incurred, as the case may be, 
on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(II) 
an Ecuador Reference Entity, any obligation that is a 
"Bond" that was issued on or prior to 20 April 2020; 
(III) 
an Argentine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a 
"Bond" that was issued on or prior to 31 August 2020; 
(IV) 
a Ukraine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" 
that was issued on or prior to 1 November 2015; or 
(V) 
a Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity, for so long as 
sanctions imposed by any and all Venezuelan Orders 
continue to subsist with respect to such Venezuelan 
Covered Reference Entity (as determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee), any obligation 
that is Restricted Debt, 
shall, in each case, be an "Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation"; 
(b) 
in respect of a Hungary Reference Entity, "Deliverable Obligation" 
shall also include any National Bank of Hungary Deliverable 
Obligation;  
(c) 
in respect of a Russian Reference Entity, any obligation that is, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, an IAN, a MinFin or a 
PRIN shall not constitute a Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, each Reference Obligation 
will be a Deliverable Obligation regardless of whether such 
obligation is an obligation of such LPN Reference Entity. For the 
purposes of this definition: 
(I) 
with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that 
specifies an Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance 
Instrument, the Outstanding Principal Balance shall be 
determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or 
Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) relating to 
such LPN Reference Obligation; and 
(II) 
the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic and 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be construed as 
if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect of such 
LPN Reference Entity. 
"Deliverable Obligation Notice" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 
19(a)(iii)(C) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) or 19(k)(ii)(B) (Delivery of LA 
Settlement Assets).

--- Page 660 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
660 
 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" means the provisions of the Credit Linked Notes that 
specify criteria for establishing what obligations may constitute Deliverable Obligations. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date 
on which such Deliverable Obligation is Delivered (or deemed to be delivered in accordance 
with the definition of "Deliver"). 
"Delivery Expenses" means all costs, taxes (including transaction taxes), duties and/or 
expenses, including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising 
from the delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or LA Settlement Assets and in respect 
of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, shall additionally include any transfer or similar fee 
reasonably incurred by the Issuer in connection with the Delivery of a Qualifying Policy and 
payable to the Reference Entity. 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and 
any successor currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any 
successor currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the 
Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, 
if such Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent owned, directly or indirectly, by 
the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means an amount equal to: 
(a) 
the amount that is due and payable by the relevant Reference Entity under the 
obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise 
(excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other 
similar amounts); less  
(b) 
the Unwind Costs, the Delivery Expenses and Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount 
(in each case, if any); plus  
(c) 
all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (i) is 
subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the 
effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance 
(other than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency),  
in each case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (I) 
the Delivery Date, (II) the Valuation Date or (III) the LA Physical Redemption Date, as 
applicable. 
"Ecuador Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "2020 Additional 
Provisions for the Republic of Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations (December 11, 2020)" apply.

--- Page 661 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
661 
 
"Effective Date" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and the relevant Index, the date specified as such in respect of the Index in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
"Eligible Swaption Index" means, in respect of a Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction, 
any iTraxx® credit index or CDX® credit index as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole discretion and as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Eligible Transferee" means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an 
entity specified in sub-paragraph (i) of this definition); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 
500,000,000; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the paragraph (a) of this definition; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, 
issuer of collateralised debt obligation, commercial paper conduit or other 
special purpose vehicle) that (A) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 
or (B) is one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or 
management having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least USD 
100,000,000; 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support 
or other agreement by an entity described in sub-paragraph (a), (b), (c)(ii) or 
(d) of this definition; and 
(d) 
(i) 
any Sovereign; or 
(ii) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between 
two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for

--- Page 662 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
662 
 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development. 
All references in this definition of "Eligible Transferee" to USD include equivalent amounts in 
other currencies as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
"Event Determination Date" means Standard Event Determination Date or Non-Standard 
Event Determination Date, as applicable. 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described 
in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest 
components have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Obligation issued or incurred on or after 
the date of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Excluded Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any Obligation of a relevant Reference Entity specified as such or of a type specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" applies and the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Senior Reference Entity, then for the purposes of determining whether a Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" applies and the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Subordinated Reference Entity, then for the purposes of determining whether a 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated 
Obligation. 
"Exercise Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 16 (M(M)R 
Restructuring). 
"Exhaustion Point" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Extended Maturity Date" means, if Scheduled Maturity Date Extension applies pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) and where:  
(a) 
no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date under limbs (I), (II) and (III) 
of Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), the latest to occur 
of: 
(i) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Notes Extension Date; 
(ii) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant 
Credit Events or Relevant Risk Events, as applicable, or if later, any Final

--- Page 663 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
663 
 
Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial Cash 
Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date); 
(iii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable; or 
(iv) 
in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes only, the date falling five Business Days 
after the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if applicable; or 
(b) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes), where a Relevant Event 
Determination Date under limbs (I), (II) and (III) of Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date, 
the later to occur of:  
(i) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant 
Credit Events, as applicable, or if later any Final Physical Redemption Cut-
Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback 
Cash Redemption Date); or 
(ii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable; or 
(c) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, where a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date under limbs (I) 
and (II) of Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) occurs on 
or prior to the LA Cut-Off Date, the latest to occur of: 
(i) 
the final LA Cash Redemption Date or the final LA Physical Redemption 
Date, as applicable; 
(ii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable; or 
(iii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-
Off Date, if applicable.  
"Extension Date" means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" 
are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) the Potential 
Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as applicable. 
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure 
by the relevant Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate

--- Page 664 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
664 
 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance 
with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application 
in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not 
to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate 
or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
If the "2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 
2019)" and "Credit Deterioration Requirement" apply, then notwithstanding the foregoing, it 
shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly result either 
from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the relevant 
Reference Entity. In such case, any determination as to whether a "Failure to Pay" has occurred 
is to be made by the Calculation Agent, for which purpose, the Calculation Agent will take into 
account any guidance provided in the "2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)". 
"Fallback Redemption Method" means Cash Redemption or Physical Redemption, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Final Auction Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note 
(other than an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, a 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note), 
unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of (I) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and (II) (x) in 
respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes which are also Zero Coupon Notes, the Zero Coupon Percentage or (y) 
otherwise, 100 per cent.; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
"Final Auction Redemption Date" means the later to occur of (a) the last Auction Redemption 
Date in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
"Final Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note 
(other than an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, a 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note), 
unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and

--- Page 665 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
665 
 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of (I) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and (II) (x) in 
respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes which are also Zero Coupon Notes, the Zero Coupon Percentage or (y) 
otherwise, 100 per cent.; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Cash Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
"Final Cash Redemption Date" means the later to occur of (a) the last Cash Redemption Date 
in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
"Final LA Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater 
of:  
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all LA Cash Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, as applicable. 
"Final LA Cash Redemption Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the later to occur of (a) the last LA 
Cash Redemption Date in respect of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. 
"Final List" means the final list of Deliverable Obligations, Package Observable Bonds, Prior 
Deliverable Obligations, as applicable, and/or Assets which are the subject of the related 
Auction determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with 
the DC Rules. 
"Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked 
Condition 22(b)) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver). 
"Final Price" means:  
(a) 
the price of the Valuation Obligation(s) selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, expressed as a percentage, 
determined in accordance with the specified Valuation Method; or  
(b) 
where the Valuation Obligation is an Asset Package in its entirety relating to Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, as applicable, the price of the 
entirety of the Asset Package determined in accordance with the specified Valuation 
Method, expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and

--- Page 666 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
666 
 
Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond to which the Asset Package relates, in each case, determined in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18(a) (Determination of Final Price). 
"Financial Transaction Type" means any of "Standard European Financial Corporate", 
"Standard European CoCo Financial Corporate", "Standard European Senior Non Preferred 
Financial Corporate", "Standard Australia Financial Corporate", "Standard New Zealand 
Financial Corporate", "Standard Japan Financial Corporate", "Standard Singapore Financial 
Corporate" and "Standard Asia Financial Corporate", as applicable. 
"First Ranking", in respect of a Reference Obligation of an LPN Reference Entity, has the 
meaning given in the definition of "First Ranking Interest". 
"First Ranking Interest" means, in respect of a Reference Obligation of an LPN Reference 
Entity, a charge, security interest (or other type of interest having similar effect) (an "Interest"), 
which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first priority", or similar ("First Ranking") in the 
document creating such Interest (notwithstanding that such Interest may not be First Ranking 
under any insolvency laws of any relevant insolvency jurisdiction of the relevant LPN Issuer). 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the 
liability of the relevant Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the 
Underlying Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by 
reference to a formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding 
principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be 
considered to be variable inputs). 
"Fixed Recovery Percentage" means, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the Issue Terms, the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include zero or 100 per cent.). 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, 
for an amount of the Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount equal to the Quotation Amount or for the Asset Package. 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds, in each case, as of the Delivery Date and the date on which an effective Notice of 
Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, was delivered. Any 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be 
provided to a trustee, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent, for a Deliverable 
Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this 
definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation". 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, in the event that a Fully Transferable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of this 
definition and, if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of 
the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as 
the Insured Instrument.

--- Page 667 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
667 
 
"Funding Interest Rate" means, in respect of a Funding Interest Amount, a rate per annum 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms which shall be based on the cost to the Issuer if it were 
to fund or of funding the amount on which such interest is accruing. 
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any Obligation which is Subordinated 
thereto. 
"FX Rate" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, the rate, determined by the Calculation Agent on the FX Rate Set 
Date, at which a non-resident of the Reference Jurisdiction can purchase the Settlement 
Currency against delivery of the LA Relevant Currency for value on the LA Value Date or 
where "FX Forward Rate" applies, the Reference Assets FX Forward Termination Date, 
provided that if LA Relevant Currency is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, FX Rate shall be 1. 
"FX Rate Set Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the date selected by the Calculation Agent, in its sole 
discretion, for determining the FX Rate, or where "FX Forward Rate" applies, they day falling 
two Business Days prior to the Reference Assets FX Forward Termination Date. 
"Governmental Authority" means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority, inter-governmental 
or supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets 
(including a central bank) of the relevant Reference Entity or some or all of its 
obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to the entities specified in paragraph (a), (b) or 
(c) of this definition. 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in 
relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of 
the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a 
Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or 
regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the relevant 
Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly 
provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination);

--- Page 668 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
668 
 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment 
or accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; 
(d) 
if "CoCo Provision" apply and if, with respect to one or more Obligations and in 
relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, the operation 
of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of 
the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into 
shares or another instrument; or 
(e) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (d) of this definition. 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of 
a Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the applicable grace period with 
respect to payments under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect 
as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" applies, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior 
to the Scheduled Maturity Date and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, 
expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Grace Period shall be deemed 
to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if no period is specified, 30 calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with 
respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace 
Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period 
of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; 
provided that, unless "Grace Period Extension" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified 
for that purpose in the relevant Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the 
Obligation Currency is the euro, a T2 Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the 
principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if (a) "Grace Period Extension" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to

--- Page 669 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
669 
 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, as the case may be, the date that is five Business Days following 
the day falling after the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential 
Failure to Pay. If "Grace Period Extension" is not specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, Grace Period Extension shall not apply. 
"Guarantee" means, for the purpose of the Credit Linked Conditions only, a Relevant 
Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
"Hedge Disruption Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
19(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption 
Obligation). 
"Hellenic Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "Additional Provisions for 
the Hellenic Republic (May 29, 2012)" apply. 
"Hungary Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "Hungary Additional 
Provisions" apply. 
"Hypothetical FX Forward" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which "FX Forward Rate" applies and 
the Reference Assets of each Reference Entity comprised in the Reference Registry at the time 
of determination, a hypothetical non-deliverable FX forward transaction between the Issuer and 
the Calculation Agent in respect of which the Issuer purchases the LCY equivalent of the 
relevant Reference Assets FX Forward Notional at a forward rate equal to the relevant 
Reference Assets Forward Rate for settlement on the relevant Reference Assets FX Forward 
Termination Date, with settlement in the Settlement Currency and a valuation date of the FX 
Rate Set Date (and in respect of a termination of such Hypothetical FX Forward, any amount 
determined to be hypothetically payable to the Issuer shall be expressed as a positive amount, 
while any amount determined to be hypothetically payable by the Issuer shall be expressed as a 
negative amount).  
"Hypothetical Index Swaption Confirmation" means a confirmation in respect of and 
evidencing a Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction that: 
(a) 
is deemed to be documented under the “Documentation Form” specified in the Issue 
Terms provided that any provision in a relevant Standard Terms Supplement relating 
to “Procedure for Exercise” and “Settlement Terms” shall not apply; 
(b) 
incorporates the 2014 ISDA Definitions and any relevant supplements set out in the 
Issue Terms; and 
(c) 
will be deemed to supplement, form part of and be subject to, the Hypothetical ISDA 
Master Agreement. 
"Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction" means a hypothetical payer index swaption 
transaction entered into pursuant to a Hypothetical Index Swaption Confirmation that: 
(a) 
references an Eligible Swaption Index; 
(b) 
specifies Automatic Exercise as applicable; 
(c) 
specifies Cash Settlement as the Index Swaption Settlement Method;

--- Page 670 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
670 
 
(d) 
has a Swaption Original Notional Amount set out in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(e) 
has an Index Swaption Trade Date, Index Swaption Expiration Date and Index 
Swaption Settlement Date specified in the Issue Terms. 
The Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction, as evidenced by the Hypothetical Index 
Swaption Confirmation, will be deemed to constitute a Transaction under and for the purposes 
of the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement for as long as it is outstanding (and shall be the 
only Transaction under the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement). 
"Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement" means a hypothetical single agreement in the pre-
printed form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and Schedule thereto hypothetically entered 
into between the Issuer and the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty on the Issue Date, with the 
following elections in such Schedule: 
(a) 
the governing law is English law; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent is specified as the “Calculation Agent”. 
"Hypothetical Swap Counterparty" means a hypothetical entity with materially the same 
market, accounting, tax and regulatory profile as Citigroup Global Markets Limited or such 
other entity as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"IAN" means any floating rate interest note due 2002 or 2015 issued by Vnesheconombank of 
the USSR pursuant to the Restructuring Agreement and an Exchange Agreement, dated as of 6 
October 1997, among Vnesheconombank of the USSR, the Closing Agent and Participating 
Creditors named therein.  
"Implicit Portfolio Size" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to (i) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount, 
divided by (ii) the Tranche Size. 
"Inconvertibility Event" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of any event or existence of any 
condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or has the effect 
of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to 
convert the LA Relevant Currency into the Settlement Currency through customary legal 
channels; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to 
residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate 
any funds (in the Settlement Currency or the LA Relevant Currency) from accounts inside the 
Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference Jurisdiction or between accounts 
inside the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full value of any cash payment (when 
converted to the Settlement Currency) made under the Reference Investor Assets due to the 
introduction after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental Authority of a 
new currency regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or the imposition 
of currency exchange limitations. 
"Index" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, the relevant iTraxx® or CDX® index, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Index Annex" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the list of the relevant Index with the relevant Index Annex Date published

--- Page 671 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
671 
 
by the Index Publisher specified in the applicable Issue Terms and which can be accessed at 
http://www.markit.com or any successor website thereto. 
"Index Annex Date" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Index Publisher" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes and the related Index Annex, Markit Group Limited or any 
replacement appointed by the Index Sponsor for the purposes of officially publishing the 
relevant Index. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, which are linked to a tranche of the losses and recoveries in respect of 
the component Reference Entities of the Index specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Index Swaption Cash Settlement Amount" means an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent which would have been payable by the Swaption Seller to the Swaption Buyer under the 
Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to [Strike Price - Final Price] x Notional Amount, 
where: 
"Final Price" means the clean price, expressed as a percentage corresponding to the Final Level 
determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner using the ISDA 
Standard Upfront Model available through Bloomberg page "CDSW" (or any successor page 
thereto as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Final Valuation Date); 
"Strike Price" means the clean price, expressed as a percentage corresponding to the Strike 
Level determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner using the 
ISDA Standard Upfront Model available through Bloomberg page "CDSW" (or any successor 
page thereto as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Final Valuation Date); 
"Strike Level" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Issue Terms; 
"Final Level" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
"Final Valuation Date" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Issue Terms. 
"Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus

--- Page 672 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
672 
 
(ii) 
the sum of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts determined in respect of 
the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
"Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected 
Reference Entity and such day) minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to a 
minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereof in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
"Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Recovery Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (calculated taking into account the Recovery Amount 
for such Affected Reference Entity) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject 
to a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereto in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
"Index Tranched Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the Unwind Costs, if any. 
"Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, which are linked to the losses and recoveries in respect of the 
component Reference Entities of the Index specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Instalment Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Series of Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes to which "Redemption by Instalments" applies, an amount being the greater of:  
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of:

--- Page 673 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
673 
 
(i) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes and an Instalment Date, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the Instalment Amount relating 
to such Instalment Date specified in respect of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes; and 
(ii) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes and an Instalment Date in respect of the 
Reference Assets to which such Instalment Date relates, the sum of: 
(A) 
an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the product of (I) (x) 
the Settlement Currency Principal Amount or (y) the LCY Reference 
Amount divided by the FX Rate, as applicable and (y) the Reference 
Assets Liquidation Value; minus 
(B) 
where "FX Forward Rate" applies, the Reference Assets FX Forward 
Termination Value; 
in each case as adjusted by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 27(a)(xxiv). 
"Instrument Payments" means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, (a) in the 
case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, (i) the specified periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return on 
the Certificate Balance on or prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (ii) 
the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified date and (b) in the 
case of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in the 
case of both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) hereof (A) determined without regard to limited recourse 
or reduction provisions of the type described in sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition of 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" and (B) excluding sums in respect of default interest, 
indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption premiums and other similar 
amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy). 
"Insured Instrument", in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, has the meaning 
given in the definition of "Qualifying Policy". 
"Insured Obligor", in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, has the meaning given 
in the definition of "Qualifying Policy". 
"Interest", in respect of a Reference Obligation of an LPN Reference Entity, has the meaning 
given in the definition of "First Ranking Interest". 
"Interest Tax Deduction Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a payment of interest (howsoever 
described) in respect of the relevant Reference Investor Assets, an amount equal to any and all 
withholding(s) or deduction(s) for or on account of any taxes or duties (for the avoidance of 
doubt, whether effective at and/or after the Trade Date) of whatever nature that would be 
imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of any authority of the Reference Jurisdiction in 
respect of such payment to a Reference Investor. 
"Issue Terms" means the applicable Final Terms or, where a Pricing Supplement is prepared, 
the applicable terms and conditions set out in such Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 674 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
674 
 
"Issuer Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in London, New York and Luxembourg. 
"LA Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in the Settlement 
Currency equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
an amount equal to:  
(A) 
(I) the LA Recovery Amount or (II) where "Fixed Recovery 
Redemption" is applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage; plus 
(B) 
where "FX Forward Rate" applies, the Reference Assets FX Forward 
Termination Value (which may be a positive or a negative amount);  
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.  
"LA Cash Redemption Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Issue 
Terms: 
(a) 
where "LA Cash Redemption" is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, five 
Business Days following the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date; 
(b) 
where "LA Physical Redemption" is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method 
but physical redemption cannot be completed by the LA Physical Redemption Date, 
five Business Days following the LA Physical Redemption Date; and 
(c) 
where an LA Cut-Off Date has occurred, five calendar days following the LA Cut-Off 
Date. 
"LA Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the earlier of (i) the date on which the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Risk Event has not occurred; and (ii) the date falling 30 calendar days 
after the Scheduled Maturity Date or the relevant LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable. 
"LA Interest Amount" means, in respect of a Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note 
or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note and an LA Interest Payment Date, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
in relation to the Reference Assets which have a Reference Assets Coupon Payment 
Date falling on the LA Interest Period End Date relating to such LA Interest Payment 
Date, an amount in the Settlement Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
being equal to such Note's pro rata share of all interest, dividends or any other form of

--- Page 675 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
675 
 
distributions that would have actually been received by a Reference Investor holding 
the relevant Reference Assets in an amount equal to the Settlement Currency Principal 
Amount relating to such Reference Assets.  
For the purposes of the Conditions, the LA Interest Amount shall constitute an Interest Amount. 
"LA Interest Payment Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the date falling two Business Days after each LA Interest Period End Date 
occurring in respect of the relevant Reference Assets. For the avoidance of doubt, it is expected 
that LA Interest Payment Dates shall occur in cycles, commencing from the Reference Assets 
with a Reference Assets Coupon Payment Date falling closest in time following the Interest 
Commencement Date. For the purposes of the Conditions, the LA Interest Payment Date shall 
in each case constitute an Interest Payment Date. 
"LA Interest Period" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first LA Interest Period End Date 
relating to the Reference Assets, and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
LA Interest Period End Date relating to such Reference Assets, and ending on (but excluding) 
the next succeeding LA Interest Period End Date relating to such Reference Assets. For the 
avoidance of doubt, separate LA Interest Periods will be determined in respect of the Reference 
Assets of each Reference Entity for the determination of LA Interest Amounts. For the purposes 
of the Conditions, the LA Interest Period shall in each case constitute an Interest Period. 
"LA Interest Period End Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, each Reference Assets Coupon Payment 
Date relating to the Reference Assets. For the purposes of the Conditions, the LA Interest Period 
End Date shall in each case constitute an Interest Period End Date. 
"LA Negative Interest Amount" means an amount that would have been equal to the LA 
Interest Amount had the floor of zero (as set out in limb (a) of the definition thereof) not applied. 
The LA Negative Interest Amount will be expressed as a negative amount.  
"LA Physical Redemption Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, 30 calendar days following the Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date or where a LA Cut-Off Date has occurred, 30 calendar days following the LA Cut-Off 
Date. 
"LA Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to the highest firm bid quotation 
that the Calculation Agent is able to obtain on the LA Valuation Date from the Quotation 
Dealers for the sale to the Quotation Dealers of: 
(a) 
in respect of "LA Physical Redemption", the relevant Undeliverable Assets; or 
(b) 
in respect of "LA Cash Redemption", a nominal amount equal to the Applicable 
Principal Currency Amount of the LA Settlement Assets of the relevant Reference 
Entity, as such assets may be amended from time to time (including without limitation 
any securities, cash proceeds or other assets into which such assets shall have been 
exchanged or converted from time to time),

--- Page 676 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
676 
 
in each case, in the Settlement Currency payable outside the Reference Jurisdiction, provided 
that if none of the Quotation Dealers provides such a firm quotation. then the LA Recovery 
Amount shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. The applicable LA 
Recovery Amount may be equal to zero. 
"LA Relevant Currency" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the currency specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, being the lawful currency of the Reference Jurisdiction, or if the LA Relevant 
Currency ceases to be the lawful currency of the Reference Jurisdiction, any other lawful 
currency in effect in such jurisdiction. 
"LA Settlement Assets" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, such Deliverable Obligations selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, with (a) an Outstanding Principal Balance 
in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money Obligations or (b) a Due and 
Payable Amount, in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money 
Obligations, in each case equal to (i) the Applicable Proportion or (ii) the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes. 
"LA Valuation Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Business Day selected by the Calculation Agent, 
acting in its sole discretion: 
(a) 
if "LA Cash Redemption" is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, from (and 
including) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date up to (and including) the LA 
Cash Redemption Date; or 
(b) 
if "LA Physical Redemption" is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, from 
(and including) the LA Physical Redemption Date to (and including) the LA Cash 
Redemption Date.  
"LA Value Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Scheduled Maturity Date, the LA Interest Payment 
Date (if applicable), the LA Cash Redemption Date or the LA Cut-Off Date, as applicable. 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of 
principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be 
determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the highest 
immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan" has the meaning given to that term in the 
definition of "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date". 
"Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 22(b) (Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event – failure to deliver), 19(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of 
Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation), 19(d) (Partial Cash 
Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality), 19(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating

--- Page 677 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
677 
 
to Loans not Delivered) and 19(j) (Asset Package Delivery), the date that is thirty 
calendar days after the relevant Physical Redemption Date;  
(b) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 19(j)(iii), the date the 
Calculation Agent determines that Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply; and 
(c) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 19(e) (Partial Cash 
Redemption of Consent Required Loans), 19(f) (Partial Cash Redemption of 
Assignable Loans) and 19(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of Participations), the date 
that is 15 Business Days after the Physical Redemption Date. 
"LCY" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes to which "FX Forward Rate" applies, the local currency specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"LCY Reference Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity, an amount in the 
LA Relevant Currency equal to the nominal amount of the Reference Investor Assets of such 
Reference Entity, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Limitation Date" means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any 
year to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years 
after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 
years (the "10-year Limitation Date"), 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years, as applicable. 
Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
"Limited Recourse Obligations" means, where the "2020 Limited Recourse Additional 
Provisions (December 2, 2020)" apply, obligations which include Limited Recourse Provisions. 
"Limited Recourse Provisions" means provisions which: 
(a) 
limit recourse in respect of the obligation to the proceeds of specified assets or the 
proceeds resulting from the enforcement of security or collateral arrangements; and/or  
(b) 
extinguish any obligation that remains outstanding following the disposal of specified 
assets and/or the enforcement of the security or collateral arrangements, 
and, in each case, the application of the resulting proceeds. 
"Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from 
Noteholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, on each 
occasion on which a Credit Event and a Relevant Event Determination Date occurs with respect 
to any of the Reference Entities, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part in an amount 
determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount relating to such relevant 
Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant Credit Event Redemption Method. 
"Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 24(h)(iii) (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes). 
"Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 19(h)(i) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered).

--- Page 678 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
678 
 
"Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified 
as such in the Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from 
Noteholders in respect of Reference Investor Assets of two or more Reference Entities and held 
by a Reference Investor in a Reference Jurisdiction and pursuant to which, on each occasion on 
which a Risk Event and a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date occurs with respect to any 
of the Reference Entities, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part in an amount 
determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount relating to such relevant 
Reference Entity (where "Redemption in Part" applies) or in full (where "Redemption in Full" 
applies), in each case in accordance with the relevant Risk Event Redemption Method. 
"Local Access Basket Partial Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit 
Linked Condition 24(h)(viii) (Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes).  
"Local Access Basket Successor Entity" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 24(h)(viii) (Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes). 
"Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are 
specified as such in the Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection 
from Noteholders in respect of Reference Investor Assets of a single Reference Entity and held 
by a Reference Investor in a Reference Jurisdiction. 
"Local Access Single Name Partial Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in 
Credit Linked Condition 24(h)(vii) (Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes). 
"Local Access Single Name Successor Entity" has the meaning given to that term in Credit 
Linked Condition 24(h)(vii) (Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes). 
"Loss Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on any day equal to: 
(a) 
if no M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
"Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an 
amount equal to the product of: 
(A) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference 
Entity on such day; and 
(B) 
(I) 100 per cent. minus (II) the Auction Final Price; or 
(ii) 
"Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal to the product 
of: 
(A) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference 
Entity on such day; and 
(B) 
(I) 100 per cent. minus (II) (1) the Final Price or (2) where "Fixed 
Recovery Redemption" is applicable, the Fixed Recovery 
Percentage; or

--- Page 679 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
679 
 
(b) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
"Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an 
amount equal to the product of: 
(A) 
the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity on such day; 
and 
(B) 
(I) 100 per cent. minus (II) the Auction Final Price; or 
(ii) 
"Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal to the product 
of: 
(A) 
the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity on such day; 
and 
(B) 
(I) 100 per cent. minus (II) (1) the Final Price or (2) where "Fixed 
Recovery Redemption" is applicable, the Fixed Recovery 
Percentage. 
"Loss Threshold Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) the Attachment Point. 
"LPN" means a loan participation note. 
"LPN Issuer" means the issuer of an LPN. 
"LPN Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "LPN Additional Provisions" 
apply. 
"LPN Reference Obligation" means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional 
Obligation. Any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in accordance with its 
terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation from constituting a Reference 
Obligation. Each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds 
for the Issuer to (a) finance a loan to the Reference Entity and each such loan shall be an 
Underlying Loan; or (b) provide finance to the Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or 
other Borrowed Money instrument and each such deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money 
instrument shall be an Underlying Finance Instrument. 
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition 
that has the effect of:  
(a) 
the failure or suspension of normal trading on any recognised securities, futures or 
other exchange on which the Reference Investor Assets or futures thereon are traded; 
or  
(b) 
any Reference Investor Asset becoming ineligible for clearance or settlement through 
the principal clearing system or by the relevant settlement procedure for the Reference 
Investor Assets.

--- Page 680 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
680 
 
"Market Value" means, with respect to the relevant Valuation Obligation on a Valuation Date:  
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values 
(and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest 
value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded);  
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations;  
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained, subject to sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "Quotation", an amount that the Calculation Agent shall determine on the 
next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations are obtained; and  
(e) 
if two or more Full Quotations are not obtained within the ten Business Day period set 
forth in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation" the Market Value shall be 
determined as provided in such definition of "Quotation". 
"Market Value Trigger Event" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, a notification by the Calculation Agent 
(acting in its sole and absolute discretion) to the Issuer that it has determined that on any 
Business Day the Fair Market Value of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, is equal to, or less than, the Market 
Value Trigger Level of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked 
Notes on such date. 
"Market Value Trigger Level" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
"Maturity Redemption Amount" means an amount being the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of: 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than (I) Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes which are also Zero Coupon 
Notes, (II) Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and (III) Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, an amount in the Settlement Currency 
equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes; and 
(ii) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes which are also Zero Coupon Notes, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency equal to the product of (I) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes and (II) the Zero Coupon 
Redemption Percentage; and

--- Page 681 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
681 
 
(iii) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to 
(I) the Settlement Currency Principal Amount or (II) the LCY Reference 
Amount divided by the FX Rate, as applicable. 
"Merger Event" means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date 
to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, the 
Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all 
or substantially all of its respective assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, or 
the Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
"Merger Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note: 
(a) 
where the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed in full: 
(i) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount (subject to a minimum 
of zero) equal to (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes minus (ii) the Unwind Costs, if any; or 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
where the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed in part: 
(i) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount (subject to a minimum 
of zero) equal to (A) the product of (I) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes and (II) the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the Reference Entity the subject of the Merger Event (the 
"Affected Nominal Amount") minus (B) the Unwind Costs, if any; or 
(ii) 
the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms, except 
that, for the purposes of determining such Early Redemption Amount, 
references to the Calculation Amount or principal amount of the Notes in 
relation to such definition shall be deemed to be references to such Note's pro 
rata share of an amount equal to the Affected Nominal Amount, 
as specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"MinFin" means any Internal Government Hard Currency Bond issued by the Ministry of 
Finance of the Russian Federation representing: 
(a) 
restructured debt of the former USSR (Series II, III, IV, V and VIII); or  
(b) 
debt of the Russian Federation issued in 1996 (Series VI and VII). 
For the avoidance of doubt, "OVVZs" or "Taiga" bonds shall be the same as MinFins. 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod 
R" or "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, 
notes and other financial assets.

--- Page 682 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
682 
 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation 
Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Monoline Insurer Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which "Monoline 
Supplement" applies. 
"Movement Option" means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring to which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of 
"No Auction Announcement Date", the option of the Calculation Agent to apply the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms, if any, so that the Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed by way of 
Auction Redemption (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the 
terms of the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the Permissible Deliverable 
Obligations thereunder, the Deliverable Obligation Provisions related to the Credit Linked 
Notes and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has or may enter into in connection with the 
Credit Linked Notes) for the purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable Obligations are 
more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent could 
specify in any Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice (provided that if 
more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such Permissible Deliverable Obligations 
shall apply). If the Calculation Agent does not deliver an effective Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option to the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Credit Linked Notes 
will be redeemed in accordance with the Fallback Redemption Method. If no election is made 
in the applicable Issue Terms, where "Mod R" is applicable, "Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Full Transferable Obligation Applicable" will apply and where "Mod Mod R" is applicable, 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
Applicable" apply. 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following 
the Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applicable to a buyer 
of credit protection where the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, or such other 
date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved (and where any 
public statement is issued by the DC Secretary relating to the appropriate cut-off date, the 
Calculation Agent shall interpret such timing requirements from the perspective of a buyer of 
protection). 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 25(d) 
(Multiple Holder Obligation). 
"National Bank of Hungary Obligation" means any obligation of the National Bank of 
Hungary (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor: 
(a) 
which has the Obligation Characteristic "Not Subordinated", where solely for such 
purposes the definition of "Not Subordinated" shall be construed as if the National 
Bank of Hungary were the Reference Entity and no Reference Obligation has been 
specified; 
(b) 
which is described by the Obligation Category specified in respect of the Republic of 
Hungary;

--- Page 683 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
683 
 
(c) 
which has each of the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Republic 
of Hungary; and  
(d) 
in relation to which the occurrence or existence of an NBH Event of Default will cause 
any obligation of the Republic of Hungary in respect of Borrowed Money to become, 
with the lapse of any grace period and subject to any other requirements under the 
terms of such Borrowed Money obligation (including requirements as to the amounts 
of such default), immediately due and payable pursuant to the terms of such Borrowed 
Money obligation, 
and, for the purposes of the foregoing, the National Bank of Hungary shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity. 
"National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation" means any obligation of the National 
Bank of Hungary (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor: 
(a) 
which has the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Not Subordinated", where solely 
for such purposes the definition of "Not Subordinated" shall be construed as if the 
National Bank of Hungary were the Reference Entity and no Reference Obligation has 
been specified; 
(b) 
which is described by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in respect of the 
Republic of Hungary; 
(c) 
which has each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the 
Republic of Hungary; and 
(d) 
in relation to which the occurrence or existence of an NBH Event of Default will cause 
any obligation of the Republic of Hungary in respect of Borrowed Money to become, 
with the lapse of any grace period and subject to any other requirements under the 
terms of such Borrowed Money obligation (including requirements as to the amounts 
of such default), immediately due and payable pursuant to the terms of such Borrowed 
Money obligation. 
"NBH Event of Default" means any failure by the National Bank of Hungary as issuer or 
obligor or guarantor of the relevant obligation, to make, when due any payment of principal or 
premium or prepayment charge or interest, if any, on such obligation. 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4.00 p.m. (London time) on a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments and which 
immediately follows the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective. 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that 
(a) no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published, (b) following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
will be published, or (c) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that no Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by the DC 
Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances where either (i) no Parallel Auction will be held, or 
(ii) one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. For the avoidance of doubt, a No Auction

--- Page 684 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
684 
 
Announcement Date will not occur solely by reason of the Credit Linked Notes not being 
covered by any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an Obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation" on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which 
resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on 
the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or 
suitable for being traded in, financial markets. 
"Non-Standard Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event 
and a Series to which of "Standard Event Determination Date" does not apply: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period, provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with 
respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to 
the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not specified 
as applicable and (I) Auction Redemption is not specified as the 
applicable Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms; (II) the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; 
and (III) the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC 
Credit Event Announcement; or 
(B) 
either: 
(I) 
(1) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination 
Date" is specified as applicable and Auction 
Redemption is specified as the applicable Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or 
(2) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination 
Date" is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the relevant Credit 
Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and

--- Page 685 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
685 
 
Noteholders and is effective on or prior to the Non-
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders 
and is effective during either the Notice Delivery Period or the period from, 
and including, the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement to, and 
including, the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter (provided, in each case, 
that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior 
to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the 
Trade Date)), if either: 
(A) 
(I) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not 
specified as applicable and Auction Redemption is not 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
(II) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; 
and 
(III) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC 
Credit Event Announcement on or prior to a DC 
Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
(I) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is 
specified as applicable and the Trade Date occurs on or 
prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; and 
(II) 
either: 
(1) 
Auction Redemption is not specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or 
(2) 
Auction Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Credit Event Notice is delivered by 
the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and is effective on a 
date that is later than the relevant Non-Standard 
Exercise Cut-off Date. 
provided that: 
(x) 
no Physical Redemption Date or full redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes has occurred on or prior to the date on 
which the Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement occurs; 
(y) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity has occurred on or prior to the 
date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement 
occurs, 
a 
Non-Standard 
Event 
Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only,

--- Page 686 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
686 
 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Single Name Credit Single Name Linked Notes 
with respect to the portion of the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes or, if 
the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the relevant 
Reference Entity to which the Event Determination Date 
relates, if any, with respect to which no Valuation Date or 
Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(z) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring 
as the only Credit Event has previously been delivered by 
the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, (aa) unless the M(M)R 
Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also 
the subject of the Applicable DC Credit Event Question 
resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, (bb) unless, and to the extent that, if the 
Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Exercise 
Amount specified in any such Credit Event Notice was less 
than the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes 
are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Exercise 
Amount specified in any such Credit Event Notice was less 
than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected 
Reference Entity or (cc) unless a representative credit 
derivative transaction economically equivalent to the 
Credit Linked Notes in unfunded format referencing the 
same Affected Reference Entity and (x) having identical 
deliverable obligation terms to one set of the Deliverable 
Obligation Terms of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms and to the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes; (y) in the 
case of M(M)R Restructuring, having a scheduled 
termination date which falls within the designated 
scheduled termination dates for the Applicable Auction and 
having similar tenor to the Credit Linked Notes (in each 
case, assuming "Auction Redemption" and a deemed 
occurrence of an Event Determination Date) would be a 
covered transaction for the purpose of the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms and the deliverable 
obligations set out on the Final List are identical to the 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable for such 
Series.

--- Page 687 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
687 
 
If no election is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "Single Notifying Party Event 
Determination Date" shall not apply. 
"Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event and a 
Series to which "Standard Event Determination Date" does not apply: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; 
or 
(iii) 
the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any, as applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days following the date 
on which such Final List is published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date. 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means each Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined in respect of any such 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"Non-Viability Trigger Event" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and Reference Assets of a Reference Entity, 
such event as defined under and occurring pursuant to the terms of the Reference Assets 
Conditions relating to such Reference Assets, including but not limited to any of the following 
events: 
(a) 
any relevant authority having decided that without a conversion or write-off with 
respect to the Reference Entity, the Reference Entity would become non-viable;  
(b) 
any relevant authority having decided that a public sector injection of capital or 
equivalent support is necessary with respect to the Reference Entity, without which the 
Reference Entity would become non-viable;  
(c) 
any relevant capital adequacy ratio with respect to the Reference Entity falling below 
the relevant percentage and/or threshold prescribed in the Reference Assets 
Conditions; and/or 
(d) 
any other events (however described) which are similar in nature to the events 
described in paragraphs (a) to (c) above,

--- Page 688 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
688 
 
provided that the Calculation Agent may determine in its discretion, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, whether a particular event under and occurring pursuant to the terms of the 
Reference Assets Conditions relating to such Reference Assets and/or the Reference Entity 
constitutes a Non-Viability Trigger Event. 
"NOPS Amendment Notice" has the meaning given to it in the definition of "Notice of Physical 
Settlement". 
"Notes Extension Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the last day on which any 
Relevant Event Determination Date could occur, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent (taking into consideration the latest of (i) the last day of any "Notice 
Delivery Period" (ii) the last Credit Event Resolution Request Date which could occur 
up to the last day of any Notice Delivery Period; (iii) the last Relevant Event 
Determination Date which could occur 14 calendar days after a DC Credit Event 
Announcement; (iv) the last day of any Post Dismissal Additional Period; and (v) the 
last Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, as 
applicable); and 
(b) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, the LA Cut-Off Date. 
"Notice-determined EDD" has the meaning given in Credit Linked Condition 14(b)(ii) 
(Ordering of Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple 
Credit Events or Risk Events). 
"Notice Delivery Date" means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice 
and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in 
applicable Issue Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, has been 
delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including 
the date that is 14 calendar days after the Extension Date. 
"Notice to Exercise Movement Option" with respect to a Series where (a) an M(M)R 
Restructuring is applicable and (b) the Fallback Redemption Method would otherwise be 
applicable pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 17(a)(i) (Fallback Redemption), a notice from 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that (i) specifies the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
which shall be applicable in accordance with the exercise of the Movement Option and (ii) is 
dated on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
"Notice of Physical Settlement" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders that (a) confirms that the Issuer intends to 
redeem the Credit Linked Notes (unless the applicable Issue Terms provide for multiple 
Deliveries) and requires performance in accordance with the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 19 (Physical Redemption Terms), (b) specifies (i) the proposed Delivery Date, (ii) if 
applicable, the Unwind Costs and (iii) if applicable, the Delivery Expenses and/or Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount, (c) contains a detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation 
that the Issuer will, subject to Credit Linked Condition 19 (Physical Redemption Terms), 
Deliver to Noteholders (in aggregate) and, if available and applicable, the CUSIP or ISIN 
number (or, if such identifying number is not available, the rate and tenor) of each such

--- Page 689 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
689 
 
Deliverable Obligation and (d) specifies the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, or the equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency (in each case, the 
"Outstanding Amount") and, if different, the face amount, of each such Deliverable Obligation 
and the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement that the Issuer intends to Deliver to the Noteholders (the "Aggregate 
Outstanding Amount"). The Calculation Agent may, from time to time, give notice to the 
Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, in the manner specified 
above (each such notification, a "NOPS Amendment Notice") that the Issuer is replacing, in 
whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant 
Deliverable Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment Notice is 
effective). A NOPS Amendment Notice shall contain a revised detailed description of each 
replacement Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer will Deliver to Noteholders (each, a 
"Replacement Deliverable Obligation") and shall also specify the Outstanding Amount of 
each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced (with respect to each such Deliverable 
Obligation, the "Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount"). The Outstanding 
Amount of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in a NOPS Amendment Notice 
shall be determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount. The Outstanding Amount of the Replacement Deliverable 
Obligations specified in any NOPS Amendment Notice in aggregate with the Outstanding 
Amount of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
earlier NOPS Amendment Notice which, in each case, are not being replaced must not be greater 
than the Aggregate Outstanding Amount. Each such NOPS Amendment Notice must be 
effective on or prior to the Physical Redemption Date (determined without reference to any 
change resulting from such NOPS Amendment Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent may correct any errors or inconsistencies in the detailed 
description of each Deliverable Obligation contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to the Fiscal Agent prior to the relevant 
Delivery Date and (y) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, the Calculation Agent shall on 
or prior to the Delivery Date, notify the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders of the description of the Asset Package, if any, that the Issuer would Deliver to the 
Noteholders in lieu of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable; it 
being understood in each case that such notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice. 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to the 
Fiscal Agent that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice 
or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a 
description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If "Notice of 
Publicly Available Information" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice contains Publicly 
Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. If no election is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, "Notice of Publicly Available Information" shall apply. 
"Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection 
from Noteholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, upon the 
occurrence of a Credit Event and a Relevant Event Determination Date with respect to the nth 
Reference Entity, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the relevant

--- Page 690 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
690 
 
Credit Event Redemption Method, where "n" shall be the number specified in such Issue Terms. 
If an Event Determination Date with respect to a relevant Reference Entity increases the 
Aggregate Default Count from an amount less than n to an amount equal to an amount equal or 
greater than n, such Reference Entity shall be the nth Reference Entity. 
"Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit 
Linked Condition 24(h)(ii) (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes). 
"Obligation" means (a) any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a 
Qualifying Policy)), determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining 
Obligations" below; and (b) the Reference Obligation or the Reference Assets, as applicable, in 
each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
(A) 
Method for Determining Obligations: 
For the purposes of paragraph (a) of the definition of "Obligation" above, an Obligation 
is each obligation of the relevant Reference Entity described by the Obligation 
Category specified in the applicable Issue Terms and having each of the Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, 
immediately prior, the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event 
Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable. The following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligation Only, Reference Assets Only Settlement, Bond, Loan, or Bond or 
Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and: 
(A) 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed 
Money" Obligation Category that is in the form of, or represented 
by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), 
certificated debt notes or other debt notes and shall not include any 
other type of Borrowed Money; 
(B) 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a 
Loan; 
(C) 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation 
under a revolving credit arrangement for which there are no 
outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall 
include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations 
arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
(D) 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed 
Money" Obligation Category that is documented by a term loan 
agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit 
agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(E) 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, 
contingent or otherwise) for the payment or repayment of money, 
including, without limitation, Borrowed Money;

--- Page 691 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
691 
 
(F) 
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a 
Reference Obligation and no Obligation Characteristics shall be 
applicable to Reference Obligation Only; and  
(G) 
"Reference Assets Only Settlement" means, in respect of Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, the Reference Assets and no Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Assets Only 
Settlement. 
(ii) 
"Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not 
Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance, and: 
(A) 
(I) 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not 
Subordinated to (x) the Reference Obligation or (y) the 
"Prior Reference Obligation" if applicable, provided that in 
respect 
of 
a 
Limited 
Recourse 
Obligation, 
this 
characteristic will be deemed to have been satisfied; 
(II) 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the 
"Second Obligation") and another obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity to which such obligation is being 
compared (the "First Obligation"), a contractual, trust or 
similar arrangement providing that (x) upon the liquidation, 
dissolution, reorganisation or winding up of the relevant 
Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First 
Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of 
the holders of the Second Obligation or (y) the holders of 
the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or 
retain principal payments in respect of their claims against 
the relevant Reference Entity at any time that the relevant 
Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in 
default under the First Obligation. "Subordinated" will be 
construed accordingly. For the purposes of determining 
whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is 
Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it 
is being compared, (1) the existence of preferred creditors 
arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support 
or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall 
not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be 
taken into account where the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign and (2) in the case of the Reference Obligation 
or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the 
ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the 
date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in 
circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior 
Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation 
and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the 
priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as 
of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect

--- Page 692 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
692 
 
any change to such ranking in priority of payment after 
such date and further provided that, in respect of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, such definition shall be applied in the 
assessment of any Obligation without regard to how the 
Obligation is described by the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction, including any characterisation of the 
Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the laws of any 
relevant jurisdiction; and 
(III) 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances 
where there is no Reference Obligation applicable to a 
Series, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently 
applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (II) the obligation 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Reference 
Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was 
redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and otherwise, (III) 
any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the 
Reference Entity;  
(iii) 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or 
currencies specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if "Specified 
Currency" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and no currency is so 
specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a 
Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that 
was previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination 
thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority of a Member State of the EU which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority; 
(iv) 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to 
(A) a Sovereign or (B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other 
arrangement between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the 
foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank 
for Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, 
obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt"; 
(v) 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any 
currency other than the applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a 
Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a Domestic Currency; 
(vi) 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the 
applicable Domestic Law, provided that the laws of England and Wales and 
the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute Domestic Law; 
(vii) 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased 
and sold on an exchange; and 
(viii) 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that 
was issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale 
primarily in the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity. Any 
obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been 
taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of

--- Page 693 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
693 
 
the relevant Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also 
registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the relevant 
Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued as the case 
may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of 
the relevant Reference Entity. 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" above: 
(a) 
in respect of: 
(I) 
a Hellenic Reference Entity, any obligation that is "Borrowed Money" that 
was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(II) 
an Ecuador Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 20 April 2020; 
(III) 
an Argentine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 31 August 2020; 
(IV) 
a Ukraine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 1 November 2015; or 
(V) 
a Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity, for so long as sanctions imposed by 
any and all Venezuelan Orders continue to subsist with respect to such 
Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity (as determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee), any obligation that is Restricted 
Debt, 
shall, in each case, be an "Excluded Obligation"; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Hungary Reference Entity, "Obligation" shall also include any National 
Bank of Hungary Obligation; 
(c) 
in respect of a Russian Reference Entity, any obligation that is, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, an IAN, a MinFin or a PRIN shall not constitute an Obligation; 
or 
(d) 
in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, each Reference Obligation will be an 
Obligation regardless of whether such obligation is an obligation of such LPN 
Reference Entity. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is 
denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they 
would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of

--- Page 694 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
694 
 
a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a 
failure to make any required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under one or 
more Obligations. 
"OFAC" means the United States Office of Foreign Asset Control. 
"Original Aggregate Nominal Amount" means, on the Issue Date, the original aggregate 
nominal amount of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes be calculated, disregarding the effect of a reduction to reflect any Settled Entity Incurred 
Loss Amount and/or Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount which is determined to exist on 
the Issue Date). 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means each obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Guarantee) or in respect of a Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy which is specified as a Reference Obligation in 
the applicable Issue Terms (if any is so specified). 
"Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount" means, on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Applicable Proportions in respect of such Credit Linked 
Notes relating to previous Relevant Credit Events or Relevant Risk Events, 
as applicable; 
(b) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the sum of the Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount and the Settled 
Entity Incurred Loss Amount (in each case, if any) as determined on the Issue 
Date; minus 
(iii) 
the aggregate of all Principal Writedown Amounts determined on or prior to 
such date; and 
(c) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Principal Writedown Amounts determined on or prior to 
such date, 
in each case, taking into account (without double counting) any partial redemptions, 
amortisations, cancellations or further issues of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series on or 
prior to such date.

--- Page 695 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
695 
 
"Outstanding Amount" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Notice of 
Physical Settlement". 
"Outstanding Nominal Amount" means, in respect of a Single Name Credit Linked Note, a 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, 
an amount per Note equal to: 
(a) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Series comprising such Note; 
divided by 
(b) 
the number of Credit Linked Notes in such Series. 
The "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the relevant Reference 
Entity's principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the 
definition of "Accrued Interest", the relevant Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid 
interest payment obligations, which in the case of a Guarantee (or in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy), will be the lower of (i) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where 
applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (or Insured Instrument, as applicable) 
(determined as if references to the relevant Reference Entity were references to the 
Underlying Obligor (or Insured Obligor, as applicable)) and (ii) the amount of the 
Fixed Cap, if any); or 
(b) 
second, by subtracting (I) Unwind Costs, the Delivery Expenses and Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount, in each case, if any (rounded down to the nearest 
integral authorised denomination of the relevant obligations); plus (II) all or any 
portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation, (i) is subject to 
any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of 
time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by 
way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in 
paragraph (a) above of the definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" less any 
amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (b), the "Non-Contingent 
Amount") (provided that, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, any 
provisions of an Insured Instrument limiting recourse in respect of such Insured 
Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds subject to a priority 
of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing under such 
Insured Instrument, shall be disregarded for the purposes of this paragraph (b), 
provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying Policy by the terms 
thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, the 
Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent any such 
limitation or reduction); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
(I) the Delivery Date, (II) the Valuation Date or (III) the LA Physical Redemption 
Date, as applicable; and

--- Page 696 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
696 
 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws 
(insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purpose of this definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance": 
(i) 
"applicable laws" shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors' rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject;  
(ii) 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be 
validly asserted against the relevant Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent 
Amount if the obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had 
otherwise become due and payable at the time of the relevant determination, provided 
that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount; and 
If "2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 
2019)" and "Fallback Discounting" apply, then notwithstanding the above, if (x) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted under sub-
paragraph (c)(B) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less than 95 
per cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than 
95 per cent. of the principal repayment amount and, (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include 
provisions relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early 
redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of 
Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan 
shall be the lesser of (I) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (II) an amount determined by straight 
line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan 
and the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced 
under a Loan is less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment 
amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation: 
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price 
or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be 
deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original 
obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the "Original Obligation(s)") at the 
time of such exchange (determined without regard to market or trading value of the 
Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously 
issued by the relevant Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having 
the same issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for 
the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting 
obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant 
Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of 
subordination and other terms of the obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be 
made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.

--- Page 697 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
697 
 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, any provisions of an Insured Instrument 
limiting recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets 
(including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument 
Payments owing under such Insured Instrument, shall be disregarded for the purposes of sub-
paragraph (B) above, provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying Policy 
by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, 
the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent any such limitation 
or reduction. 
"Ownership Restriction Event" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of any event or the 
existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or impracticable for, 
or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference 
Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner of any Reference 
Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof. 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a relevant Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, any obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) which fell within the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation" set out in paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation", in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event was legally effective. 
"Parallel Auction" means the "Auction" which is the subject of the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means the "Auction Cancellation Date" in respect of the 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an "M(M)R 
Restructuring", any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with 
respect to such an M(M)R Restructuring if the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are 
the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes 
and for which a representative credit derivative transaction economically equivalent to the 
Credit Linked Notes in unfunded format referencing the same Affected Reference Entity 
(assuming Auction Redemption and the deemed occurrence of an "Event Determination Date") 
which has identical deliverable obligation terms to the Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the 
Credit Linked Notes and Deliverable Obligation Terms of the relevant auction settlement terms 
under consideration but would not be a covered transaction (due to the range of designated 
scheduled termination dates for the relevant auction settlement terms under consideration or 
otherwise) for the purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Payment/Delivery Failure Event" means, in each case as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that: 
(a) 
it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to an event beyond 
the control of the Issuer including, without limitation, a failure by the Noteholder to 
provide account details of its designee), or for a Noteholder to accept payment of (due 
to an event beyond the control of such Noteholder), any cash amount (including, 
without limitation, any portion of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount, in 
respect of the Credit Linked Notes) required to be paid by the Issuer on the date

--- Page 698 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
698 
 
intended for such payment and such event preventing the payment or acceptance is not 
cured by the affected party; or  
(b) 
the relevant definitive Credit Linked Notes (where applicable) and/or the Deliverable 
Obligation Notice are not delivered in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19(a) 
(Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) or any intended recipient has failed to duly 
execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or 
before any Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation that is on or before any Delivery Date, in each case in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Deliverable Obligation. 
"Payment Failure Cut-Off Date" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 22(a) 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay). 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 
1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as appropriate. 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligation" has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the deliverable 
obligations included on the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are 
applicable to that Auction. 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the relevant 
Reference Entity's payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may 
assume all of the payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying 
Guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the relevant Reference 
Entity from its payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" apply; or 
(v) 
in respect of Limited Recourse Obligations, Limited Recourse Provisions; 
(vi) 
provisions which permit the relevant Reference Entity's obligations to be 
altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would 
constitute a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity 
Terms" apply; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on 
their behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect 
of such obligation.

--- Page 699 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
699 
 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new Guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in 
circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the 
relevant Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
"Physical Redemption Assets" means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes for which pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 19 (Physical Redemption Terms) the "Physical Redemption Terms" 
are applicable, subject to Credit Linked Condition 23 (Effect of DC Resolutions), such 
Deliverable Obligations as may be selected by the Issuer with: (a) an Outstanding Principal 
Balance (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, on the date of the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable), in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money 
Obligations or (b) a Due and Payable Amount, in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are not 
Borrowed Money Obligations (or in either case, the equivalent Currency Amount thereof), with 
an Outstanding Principal Balance equal to (i) the Applicable Proportion or (ii) the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, on the date of the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable). If the amount of the 
Physical Redemption Assets is less than zero, no Deliverable Obligations will be required to be 
Delivered and the amount of the Physical Redemption Assets will be deemed to be zero. If an 
Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond which would otherwise have been included in the Physical Redemption Assets 
has been converted into an Asset Package, then references in this definition of "Physical 
Redemption Assets" to "Deliverable Obligations" shall be references to the resulting Asset 
Package and the Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding 
Principal Balance as the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond. 
The Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in which case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being 
Delivered will include accrued but unpaid interest (as the Calculation Agent shall determine).  
"Physical Redemption Date" means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the date of effective delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable. If all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable are Delivered on or before 
that Physical Redemption Date, the date that the Issuer completes Delivery of such Deliverable 
Obligations shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Physical Settlement Matrix" means, where "Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms" 
applies to any Series of Credit Linked Notes (notwithstanding that the Credit Event Redemption 
Method for such Notes may not be Physical Redemption), the terms applicable to one or more 
Transaction Type(s) in respect of the relevant Reference Entity(ies) of such Series of Credit 
Linked Notes as set out in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that in the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) Part A (Contractual Terms) of the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) any 
schedule or appendix to such Issue Terms, Part A (Contractual Terms) of the Issue Terms will 
prevail. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 
23(d) (Redemption Suspension), the number of Business Days specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, then with respect to a 
Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, the longest number of Business Days for settlement in accordance with

--- Page 700 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
700 
 
then current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine; provided that if the Calculation Agent has notified the Issuer (who, in turn, has 
notified the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders), that it intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu 
of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period 
shall be 30 Business Days. 
"Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, which are linked to a tranche of the losses and recoveries in respect of 
a bespoke basket of two or more Reference Entities (which, for the avoidance of doubt and in 
respect of Exempt Notes only, may include the component Reference Entities of a proprietary 
index) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts determined in respect 
of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
"Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount" means, in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected 
Reference Entity and such day) minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to a 
minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereof in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
"Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Recovery Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (calculated taking into account the Recovery Amount 
for such Affected Reference Entity) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject 
to a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereto in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day).

--- Page 701 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
701 
 
"Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the Unwind Costs, if any. 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 14 calendar 
days thereafter (provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on 
or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade 
Date)). 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the relevant Reference Entity to make, when 
and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement 
under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such obligations at the time of 
such failure, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the 
commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Premium Accreted Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Single Name Credit Linked 
Note or Linear Basket Credit Linked Note which is also a Zero Coupon Note, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(a) 
the Premium Amortised Face Amount, less 
(b) 
the Premium Reference Price. 
"Premium Actual/Actual (ICMA)" means: 
(a) 
where the number of days in the Premium Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than 
the Premium Determination Period during which the Premium Calculation Period 
ends, the number of days in such Premium Calculation Period divided by the product 
of (x) the number of days in such Premium Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Premium Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
where the Premium Calculation Period is longer than the Premium Determination 
Period during which the Premium Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Premium Calculation Period falling in the 
Premium Determination Period in which the Premium Calculation Period 
begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Premium 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Premium Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 702 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
702 
 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Premium Calculation Period falling in the next 
Premium Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Premium Determination Period and (y) the number of Premium 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year. 
"Premium Amortised Face Amount")" means, in respect of each relevant Single Name Credit 
Linked Note or Linear Basket Credit Linked Note which is also a Zero Coupon Notes, either: 
(a) 
where "Calculation Agent Determination of Premium Amortised Face Amount" is 
specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent payable on the Early Redemption Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(I) 
where "Linear Accretion" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
PRP x (1 + AY)x 
(II) 
where "Linear Accretion" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
PRP x (1 + AY*x) 
where: 
"AY" means the Amortisation Yield expressed as a decimal;  
"x" is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Issue Terms which will be 
either (i) "30/360" (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) in 
the relevant Premium Calculation Period and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) 
"Actual/360" (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days 
in the relevant Premium Calculation Period and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) 
"Actual/365" in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days 
in the relevant Premium Calculation Period and the denominator will be 365) or (iv) 
"Actual/Actual (ICMA) ", in which case the Day Count Fraction will be determined as 
set out in the definition of "Premium Actual/Actual (ICMA)" above; and 
"Premium Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the First Tranche of the Notes to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination 
Date. 
(c) 
Where "Multiple Rate Amortisation Yield" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
PRP x  ෑ(1 + AY)x
t
i=1
 
For the purposes of this paragraph (c):

--- Page 703 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
703 
 
AY means, in respect of a Calculation Period (i) (where i = 1…t), the Amortisation 
Yield (expressed as a decimal) specified for such Calculation Period (i) in the 
Amortisation Yield Table under the heading "Amortisation Yield". 
Calculation Period (i) means each period from (and including) the relevant Start Date 
to (but excluding) the relevant End Date of such period, each as specified under the 
heading "Calculation Period" in the Amortisation Yield Table set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Calculation Period (t) means the Calculation Period (i) during which the Relevant 
Early Termination Date occurs. 
Premium Calculation Period means 
(A) 
in respect of each Calculation Period (i) ending prior to Calculation Period 
(t), the period from (and including) the Start Date of such Calculation Period 
(i) to (but excluding) the End Date of such Calculation Period (i); and 
(B) 
in respect of the Calculation Period (t), the period from (and including) the 
Start Date in respect of the Calculation Period (t), to (but excluding) the 
Relevant Early Termination Date. 
Relevant Early Termination Date means the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which the Securities become due and repayable. 
x means, in respect of a Calculation Period (i), the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator 
will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360 day year consisting 
of 12 months of 30 days each) in the relevant Premium Calculation Period and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days in the relevant Premium Calculation Period and the 
denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days in the relevant Premium Calculation Period and the 
denominator will be 365) or (iii) Actual/Actual (ICMA), in which case the Day Count 
Fraction will be determined as set out in the definition of "Premium Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)" below. 
"Premium Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Premium 
Determination Date to (but excluding) the next Premium Determination Date. 
"Premium Reference Price" or "PRP" means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked 
Note or Linear Basket Credit Linked Note and a Relevant Credit Event, an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent as the product of: 
(a) 
the Applicable Proportion of such Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant Credit 
Event; and 
(b) 
the Issue Price expressed as a percentage. 
"Principal Tax Deduction Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a payment of principal 
(howsoever described) in respect of the redemption of the Reference Investor Assets, an amount 
equal to any and all withholding(s) or deduction(s) for or on account of any taxes or duties (for

--- Page 704 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
704 
 
the avoidance of doubt, whether effective at and/or after the Trade Date) of whatever nature that 
would be imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of any authority of the Reference 
Jurisdiction in respect of such payment to a Reference Investor. 
"PRIN" means any Vnesheconombank's loan arising under a Restructuring Agreement and an 
Exchange Agreement, dated as of 6 October 1997, among Vnesheconombank of the USSR, the 
Closing Agent and Participating Creditors named therein. 
"Principal Writedown Amount" means, in respect of: 
(a) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity, the sum of: 
(i) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) applicable to such 
Affected Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount applicable to such Affected 
Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity, the sum of: 
(i) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) applicable to such 
Affected Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount applicable to such Affected 
Reference Entity.  
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as 
the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit 
Event Announcement), any Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which (i) 
existed immediately prior to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of 
such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation" set out in paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", 
in each case, immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental 
Intervention was legally effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred 
in respect of the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (whether or not 
such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms 
is not publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence 
based on the factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") or 
right of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. In 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for the purposes of this definition, references 
to the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively.

--- Page 705 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
705 
 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow 
Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi 
Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial 
Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the 
country in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally 
recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
have occurred and which (a) has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of 
Public Sources, regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such 
information; (b) is information received from or published by (i) the relevant Reference Entity 
(or if the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation, 
or (c) is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, 
of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body; provided that where any information of the type described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (c) of this definition is not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly 
Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) in the first 
paragraph of this definition, the party receiving such information may assume that such 
information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or 
other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering 
such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with 
the relevant Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the relevant Reference Entity that would be 
breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such 
information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (a) in relation to the definition 
of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the relevant Reference 
Entity and (b) that the relevant occurrence (i) has met the Payment Requirement or Default 
Requirement, (ii) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period or (iii) has met the 
subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must 
relate to the events described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
"Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the relevant 
Reference Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the 
Reference Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a Guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may 
include a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the relevant Reference Entity irrevocably 
agrees, undertakes or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except 
for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an 
"Underlying Obligation" for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of

--- Page 706 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
706 
 
payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is 
equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of 
credit (or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise 
altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance 
other than: (i) by payment; (ii) by way of Permitted Transfer; (iii) by operation of law; 
(iv) due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or (v) due to: (A) provisions permitting or 
anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" 
apply; or (B) any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" apply. 
If the Guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the 
relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such Guarantee or Underlying 
Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (A) a non-payment in respect of the Guarantee 
or the Underlying Obligation, or (B) an event of the type described in the definition of 
"Bankruptcy" in respect of the relevant Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall 
be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding 
the terms of the Guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a Guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: (I) The benefit of a Qualifying 
Guarantee such Guarantee must be capable of being delivered together with the delivery of the 
Underlying Obligation; and (II) if a Guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts 
which are subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being delivered together with the 
delivery of such Guarantee. 
"Qualifying Policy" means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a financial 
guarantee insurance policy or similar financial guarantee pursuant to which such Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments of an 
instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth below) (the "Insured 
Instrument") for which another party (including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor 
(the "Insured Obligor"). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a 
surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express 
contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity can be 
discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). The benefit of a Qualifying 
Policy must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Insured Instrument. 
In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the terms of 
the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee" will apply, with references to the Relevant 
Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor deemed to include the 
Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(a) 
the Obligation Category "Borrowed Money" and the Obligation Category and 
Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be deemed to include distributions 
payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar

--- Page 707 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
707 
 
funded beneficial interest, the Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be 
deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and 
"obligor" as used in these Credit Linked Conditions (as supplemented by the 
"Monoline Supplement") in respect of such an Insured Instrument shall be construed 
accordingly; 
(b) 
references in the definitions of "Assignable Loan" and "Consent Required Loan" to 
the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, 
respectively; 
(c) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant 
date the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of "Accelerated or Matured", whether 
or not that characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of the Transaction Type; 
(d) 
if the "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation" 
or "Transferable Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Transaction Type and if the benefit of the 
Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, 
the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument; 
(e) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the term "maturity", as such term is used in the "Maximum 
Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by 
which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur; and 
(f) 
with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the Qualifying 
Policy must satisfy on the relevant date or dates the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, if applicable. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of the 
Reference Obligation's Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or if a 
Quotation is being obtained in respect of the Asset Package resulting from any Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event), as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable 
to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three 
Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if 
necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the 
relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on the same 
Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation 
Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full 
Quotation is obtained on such tenth Business Day, the quotation shall be deemed to be

--- Page 708 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
708 
 
zero for the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such 
day. 
"Quotation Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent not in excess of the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency, which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being 
obtained. Where an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and a Deliverable Obligation has 
been converted into an Asset Package, the Quotation Amount for all or any part of the Asset 
Package shall be such amount as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate in its sole and 
absolute discretion or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, which shall be 
converted by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner by reference 
to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained. 
"Quotation Dealer" means, (a) in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, a dealer 
(which may be one or more of the Issuer's affiliates) in obligations of the type for which 
Quotations are to be obtained, including any Quotation Dealer if specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms; or (b) in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, a dealer which is not resident in the Reference Jurisdiction, 
if applicable, and which deals in obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, 
including any Quotation Dealer, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, in each case, as 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in existence (with no successors), 
or not being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be 
obtained, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, substitute any such Quotation Dealer(s) for one or more of the foregoing. 
"Quotation Method" means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms by reference to one of the following terms (or, if no Quotation Method is specified, Bid 
shall apply), 
where: 
(a) 
"Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
"Offer" means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
"Mid-market" means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation 
Dealers and shall be averaged for the purposes of determining a relevant Quotation 
Dealer's quotation, 
provided that in respect of any Asset Package which is the subject of a Quotation, the Quotation 
Method shall be any of the above Quotation Methods selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion, or any other method of quotation provided in the market for the 
relevant Asset as determined by the Calculation Agent, notwithstanding the Quotation Method 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity and subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 24 (Successor Provisions):

--- Page 709 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
709 
 
(a) 
if no M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
if "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an 
amount equal to the lower of (A) 100 per cent. and (B) the Auction Final 
Price, multiplied by the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected 
Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
if "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), or if 
Cash Redemption applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount 
equal to the lower of (A) 100 per cent. and (B) the Final Price, multiplied by 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(iii) 
if "Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, an amount equal to the lower of (A) 100 per cent. and (B) the Fixed 
Recovery Percentage, multiplied by the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
for the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
if "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, an amount equal to the lower of (A) 100 per cent. and (B) the Auction 
Final Price, multiplied by the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference 
Entity; 
(ii) 
if "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method, 
or if Cash Redemption applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an 
amount equal to the lower of (A) 100 per cent. and (B) the Final Price, 
multiplied by the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(iii) 
if "Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, an amount equal to the lower of (A) 100 per cent. and (B) the Fixed 
Recovery Percentage, multiplied by the Exercise Amount for the Affected 
Reference Entity. 
"Recovery Threshold Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the amount specified in the Issue Terms which shall 
be the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion 
Point. 
"Redemption Suspension Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 23 (Effect of DC Resolutions). 
"Reference Assets" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity, an amount of any assets 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms issued by such Reference Entity with a Reference 
Assets Call/Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and a nominal amount 
equal to the Applicable Principal Currency Amount, as such assets may be amended from time 
to time (including without limitation any securities, cash proceeds or other assets into which 
such assets shall have been exchanged or converted from time to time, provided that when 
determining whether any of the events or conditions that may be applicable to the Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable,

--- Page 710 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
710 
 
have occurred, such determination shall be made by the Calculation Agent with reference to the 
terms and conditions of the original Reference Assets and not such replacement securities or 
assets).  
"Reference Assets Call/Maturity Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and Reference Assets of a Reference 
Entity, the date specified as such with respect to such Reference Assets in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Reference Assets Conditions" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and Reference Assets of a Reference Entity, 
the terms and conditions of such Reference Assets, as set out in the base prospectus or equivalent 
document, as may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
"Reference Assets Conditions Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and Reference Assets of a Reference 
Entity, the date specified with respect to the Reference Assets Conditions of such Reference 
Assets in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Assets Forward Rate" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which "FX Forward Rate" applies, 
the rate specified with respect to the Reference Assets FX Forward Notional of the Reference 
Assets relating to a Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Assets FX Forward Notional" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which "FX Forward Rate" 
applies, the amount specified with respect to the Reference Assets relating to a Reference Entity 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Assets FX Forward Termination Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which "FX Forward 
Rate" applies, the date specified with respect to the Reference Assets relating to a Reference 
Entity in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Assets FX Forward Termination Value" means, in respect of Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which "FX Forward 
Rate" applies, an amount (which may be positive or negative) in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent as at the FX Rate Set Date as the product of: 
(a) 
Reference Assets Forward Rate, minus the FX Rate; and 
(b) 
Reference Assets FX Forward Notional, divided by the FX Rate. 
"Reference Assets Liquidation Value" means, in respect of Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes and Reference Assets of a Reference Entity, on the LA Cash Payment Date, 
Reference Assets Call/Maturity Date or on any Business Day (as applicable), the highest firm 
dirty bid quotation (or, for the purposes of determining whether a Reference Assets Liquidation 
Value Trigger Event has occurred, the highest firm clean bid quotation, excluding accrued 
interest) expressed as a percentage that the Calculation Agent is able to obtain on such day from 
the Quotation Dealers for the sale to the Quotation Dealers of the relevant Reference Assets, 
provided that if none of the Quotation Dealers provides such a firm quotation then the 
"Reference Assets Liquidation Value" shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion, and provided further that if on or prior to any such date the relevant

--- Page 711 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
711 
 
Reference Assets have been redeemed in whole in accordance with their terms then the 
"Reference Assets Liquidation Value" shall be the aggregate redemption proceeds (or, for the 
purposes of determining whether a Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event has 
occurred, the aggregate redemption proceeds representing principal amounts only) which a 
holder of the relevant Reference Assets would have actually received in connection with such 
redemption of such Reference Assets. The applicable Reference Assets Liquidation Value may 
be equal to zero. The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain firm bid quotations as aforesaid 
from at least five Quotation Dealers. 
"Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event" means, in respect of Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, a notification by the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and 
absolute discretion) to the Issuer that it has determined that the weighted average of the 
Reference Assets Liquidation Value of the Reference Assets of each Reference Entity then 
comprising the Reference Registry is equal to or less than the Reference Assets Trigger Level 
of the aggregate Settlement Currency Principal Amount of all Reference Assets.  
"Reference Assets Only Settlement" means a Series of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of which (i) "Reference 
Assets Only Settlement" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation 
Category in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Reference Entity and (ii) "Standard 
Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in respect of such Reference Entity. 
"Reference Assets Restructuring Event" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and Reference Assets of a 
Reference Entity, the cancellation, reduction, suspension or deferral (in whole or in part) of any 
interest, dividend or any other form of distribution in respect of such Reference Assets on the 
due date for payment thereof (whether under the Reference Assets Conditions or otherwise) or, 
in respect of such Reference Assets, a reduction in its rate of interest, dividend or distribution 
from the rate of interest, divided or distribution applicable to such Reference Assets on the Issue 
Date, in each case for any reason whatsoever. 
"Reference Assets Trigger Level" means, in respect of Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Reference Custodian" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement" means, in respect of Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, any formal or informal 
(express or implied) arrangement, method, means or account type through which a Reference 
Investor may hold, directly or indirectly, an interest (including a beneficial interest) in the 
Reference Investor Assets and/or any amount received in respect thereof. 
"Reference Entity" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 24 (Successor 
Provisions), in respect of: 
(a) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes, 
the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(b) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
each entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; or

--- Page 712 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
712 
 
(c) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each 
entity contained in the relevant Index and listed in the Index Annex. 
"Reference Entity Count" means, in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
a Reference Entity, one, subject to the terms set out in Credit Linked Condition 24(h) (Multiple 
Successors). 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, and in each case subject to adjustment in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
24 (Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
in respect of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and each relevant Reference 
Entity, the product of: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; and 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and each relevant Reference Entity, 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size;  
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (x) one by (y) the sum of the aggregate of 
the Reference Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities and the aggregate 
of the Settled Entity Weightings for all Settled Entities. 
(c) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and each relevant Reference 
Entity, the product of: 
(i) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size;  
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (A) one by (B) the aggregate of the 
Reference Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities, 
in each case, subject to amendment as provided herein. 
"Reference Entity Weighting" means, in respect of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, and a relevant 
Reference Entity, the percentage specified for such relevant Reference Entity in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Reference Investor" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, any person that holds or owns the Reference Investor 
Assets, which may include the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates (including, without limitation, 
any trust, special purpose vehicle or account through which the Issuer or any of its Affiliates 
may hold Reference Investor Assets in the Reference Jurisdiction).

--- Page 713 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
713 
 
"Reference Investor Assets" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
if "Reference Assets Only Settlement" applies, the Reference Assets of such Reference 
Entity; and 
(b) 
if "Reference Assets Only Settlement" does not apply, Obligations and/or Deliverable 
Obligations of such Reference Entity. 
"Reference Jurisdiction" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the jurisdiction specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Reference Obligation" means: 
(a) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, the Standard Reference Obligation; 
(b) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, if any, provided that, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, irrespective 
of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference 
Obligation shall be deemed to constitute the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no such 
Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference 
Entity is specified on the SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation has 
previously been specified on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no Reference 
Obligation applicable to the Series and such previously specified Senior Non-Preferred 
Level Standard Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity shall be deemed 
to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
if (i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, (ii) there is no Standard Reference 
Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard 
Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date 
onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that is published would have 
been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation; or 
(d) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the Reference Obligation as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
provided that, in respect of each LPN Reference Entity, the Reference Obligation means, as of 
the Trade Date, each of the obligations listed as a Reference Obligation of such LPN Reference 
Entity in the Issue Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List, as 
published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, which list is currently available 
at http://www.markit.com/product/Reference-Data-CDS, any Additional LPN, determined in 
accordance with the definition of "Additional LPN" as provided in these Credit Linked 
Conditions, and each Additional Obligation. Each Reference Obligation determined in 
accordance with the foregoing will be a Reference Obligation notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation 
is not an obligation of such LPN Reference Entity. Standard Reference Obligation shall be "Not 
Applicable". It is intended that there may be more than one Reference Obligation, as a result of

--- Page 714 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
714 
 
which all applicable references in these Credit Linked Conditions to "the Reference Obligation" 
shall be construed as a reference to "a Reference Obligation", and all other provisions of the 
Credit Linked Conditions shall be construed accordingly. The provisions in respect of 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" and "Substitution Event" in these Credit Linked Conditions 
shall not be applicable to LPN Reference Obligations.  
"Reference Obligation Only Series" means a Series of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes) in 
respect of which (a) "Reference Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and 
the Deliverable Obligation Category in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Reference 
Entity and (b) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of such Reference Entity. 
"Reference Registry" means, in respect of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and the 
relevant Issue Date, the register of Reference Assets which is set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, as modified by the Calculation Agent, where applicable, following an Instalment Date, 
by removal of the relevant Reference Asset corresponding to such Instalment Date or to reflect 
any substitution (in accordance with the terms of the Credit Linked Notes) of Reference Assets 
from time to time.  
"Regulatory Change Cost" means, in respect of a Series of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Regulatory Change Event, an 
amount, determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the cost which a Reference Investor 
would have incurred in respect of such Regulatory Change Event had it purchased, received, 
held, transferred or sold the Reference Investor Assets (and/or any amount received in respect 
thereof) at any time during the term of such Credit Linked Notes. 
"Regulatory Change Event" means: 
(a) 
the adoption of, change in or change in the interpretation or administration of, any law, 
rule, directive, decree or regulation in the Reference Jurisdiction after the Trade Date 
by any Governmental Authority or any settlement system, depositary or other entity 
charged by any Governmental Authority to regulate the holding, transferring and/or 
taxing of (including amounts received in respect of) Reference Investor Assets; and/or 
(b) 
the compliance by a Reference Investor (and/or its Custodian, if any, in respect of the 
Reference Investor Assets) with any request or directive of any Governmental 
Authority (provided that such term shall also include any taxing authority) or any 
settlement system, depositary or other entity charged by any Governmental Authority 
to regulate the holding, transferring and/or taxing of (including amounts received in 
respect of) Reference Investor Assets, 
which in any such case: 
(i) 
would, in respect of any amount of Reference Investor Assets (and/or any amount 
received in respect thereof) which a Reference Investor could have held during the 
term of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, impose, modify or apply any tax, charge, duty, 
reserve, special deposit, insurance assessment or any other requirement on such 
Reference Investor (and this results in additional costs to a Reference Investor); and/or 
(ii) 
increases in any other way the actual or potential cost to a Reference Investor of 
hedging the obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Local Access Single Name

--- Page 715 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
715 
 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, at any 
time during the term of such Credit Linked Notes. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"Relevant Credit Event" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 24 
(Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with 
respect to the relevant Reference Entity; 
(b) 
in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which 
occurs with respect to the nth Reference Entity;  
(c) 
in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with 
respect to any Reference Entity in the basket; 
(d) 
in the case of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity in the Index; 
(e) 
in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity in the Index once the aggregate of all loss amounts 
incurred and calculated with respect to all Reference Entities in the Index has reached 
the Loss Threshold Amount); and 
(f) 
in the case of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity in the basket once the aggregate of all loss 
amounts incurred and calculated with respect to all Reference Entities in the basket has 
reached the Loss Threshold Amount). 
"Relevant Disrupted Amount" means, in respect of an Underlying RMB Illiquidity, any 
amount in RMB that is the subject of a determination of a Reference Assets FX Forward 
Termination Value. 
"Relevant Event Determination Date" means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, the Event 
Determination Date occurring with respect to a Relevant Credit Event. 
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the 
Outstanding Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical Settlement, or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior 
to the Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective 
date of the first succession), provided that:

--- Page 716 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
716 
 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, 
or held by the relevant Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for the purposes of the 
determination required to be made under the definition of "Successor", make the 
appropriate adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are 
issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally 
effective date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" applies and the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Senior Reference Entity, the Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
"Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" applies, and the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Subordinated Reference Entity, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations 
and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant 
Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it would if 
the relevant Reference Entity were a Senior Reference Entity. 
"Relevant Risk Event" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 24 
(Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes, a Risk Event which 
occurs with respect to the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(b) 
in the case of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity in the basket. 
"Relevant Risk Event Determination Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Risk Event Determination 
Date occurring with respect to a Relevant Risk Event. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: (a) an 
authorised officer of the relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (i) disaffirms, 
disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more 
Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (ii) declares or 
imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect 
to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; 
and (b) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such 
Obligation that occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (a) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date that is 60 
days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date 
under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the 
expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (b) if the 
Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the 
date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in

--- Page 717 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
717 
 
either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
The "Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" is satisfied (a) if the DC Secretary 
publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on 
or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of 
the relevant Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date and such resolution constitutes an Applicable Resolution or (b) otherwise, by the delivery 
by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, unless 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that is effective on or prior to the date that 
is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date. In all cases, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not 
capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event does 
not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for the 
purposes of the relevant Credit Linked Notes has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer (for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders) that 
describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in 
reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
need not be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
"Resolve" means, with respect to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the making 
of a specific determination in accordance with the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Restricted Debt" means, in respect of a Venezuela Reference Entity: 
(a) 
debt issued or incurred on or after 25 August 2017 with a maturity of greater than 90 
days of Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A.; 
(b) 
debt issued or incurred on or after 25 August 2017 with a maturity of greater than 30 
days of a Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity, other than debt of Petroleos de 
Venezuela, S.A. covered pursuant to (a) above; 
(c) 
bonds issued by a Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity prior to 25 August 2017; and 
(d) 
any other debt that is covered by a Venezuelan Order, 
provided that no debt will be Restricted Debt if the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee determines that such debt is: 
(i) 
subject to any exception to a Venezuelan Order, by license, frequently asked question 
or other interpretive statement by OFAC; or

--- Page 718 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
718 
 
(ii) 
specified in OFAC's General License 3 to the Order (Authorizing Transactions Related 
to, Provision of Financing for, and Other Dealings in Certain Bonds). 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation that is a Bond or Loan and in respect of 
which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the relevant 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such 
Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the 
relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of exchange) and such 
event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later 
of the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and the date 
as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual 
of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the UK and the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency 
which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above in this definition of "Restructuring", none of the following shall 
constitute a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the EU that adopts or has adopted the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, 
as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the EU 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and 
(B) a freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency 
existed at the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or 
amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined by reference to such 
freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" due to an administrative

--- Page 719 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
719 
 
adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment 
occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" in circumstances where such 
event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness 
or financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of paragraph (e) 
of this definition of "Restructuring" only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness 
or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is 
from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority of a Member State of the EU which is of general application 
in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority or in respect of a Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entity, in the case of Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where 
(A) the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same 
Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates on which the Qualifying Policy 
guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments would be made prior to such 
event and (B) such event is not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of 
the Qualifying Policy. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Restructuring": 
(I) 
The term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the 
relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a 
Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the relevant Reference Entity 
in this definition shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference 
to the relevant Reference Entity in this definition of "Restructuring" shall continue to 
refer to the relevant Reference Entity. 
(II) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events 
described under sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition has occurred will be based 
on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the 
terms of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
(III) 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for the purposes of the first and 
second paragraphs of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include 
Insured Instruments for which the relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of a 
Qualifying Policy. In the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, 
references to the relevant Reference Entity in the first paragraph above shall be deemed 
to refer to the Insured Obligor and the reference to the relevant Reference Entity in the 
first paragraph above shall continue to refer to the relevant Reference Entity. 
(IV) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate 
or similar funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto and in 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition 
are hereby amended to read as follows: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments described in sub-
paragraph (a)(i) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in sub-
paragraph (a)(i) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination);

--- Page 720 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
720 
 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (1) the payment 
or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in sub-paragraph (a)(i) of the 
definition thereof; or (2) the payment of the Instrument Payments described 
in sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition thereof, in each case that are 
guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Guarantee; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of: (1) any Obligation under a 
Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination or such Obligation to any other Obligation; or (2) any 
Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Insured Instrument 
to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood 
that, for this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such 
change that results in lower ranking under a priority of payments provision 
applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments that are 
guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy to any currency other than the 
lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the UK and the United States 
of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Restructuring Date" means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in 
accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with 
the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or 
Loan") and the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest 
Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be 
the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and with respect to an Insured Instrument in 
the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final 
maturity date", as such term is used in this definition shall mean the specified date by which the 
Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the 
Certificate Balance will occur. 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation 
specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which 
the Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in 
which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated 
that is determined either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency 
Fixing Time or (b) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Risk Event" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent:

--- Page 721 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
721 
 
(a) 
if the Issue Terms specify that the Settlement Currency Principal Amount is the 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount of the Reference Assets of such Reference 
Entity, the occurrence or existence of a Credit Event; or 
(b) 
if the Issue Terms specify that the LCY Reference Amount is the Applicable Principal 
Currency Amount of the Reference Assets of such Reference Entity, the occurrence or 
existence of a Credit Event or an Additional Risk Event.   
"Risk Event Determination Date" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and with respect to a Risk Event, the 
date on which an effective Risk Event Notice has been delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders. 
"Risk Event Determination Period" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the period from and including the 
Additional Risk Event Start Date to and including the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
"Risk Event Notice" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders, which: 
(a) 
identifies the "Series" of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which the Risk Event Notice relates; 
(b) 
states the Calculation Agent's intention for the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant Risk Event Redemption 
Method; and 
(c) 
specifies a Risk Event that occurred or exists during the Risk Event Determination 
Period and provides details of such Risk Event. 
Any Risk Event Notice that describes a Risk Event that occurred after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension 
Date, 
or 
the 
relevant 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
in 
the 
case 
of 
a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.  
A Risk Event Notice that describes a Risk Event must be in respect of the full Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, in the relevant Series, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 24 (Successor Provisions). 
A Risk Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Risk Event has occurred. The Risk Event that is the subject of the Risk 
Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Risk Event Notice is effective. 
"Risk Event Redemption Method" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, "LA Cash Redemption", "LA 
Physical Redemption" or "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption", as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 722 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
722 
 
"Risk Event Redemption Option" means, in respect of Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes and a Risk Event, "Redemption in Part" or "Redemption in Full", as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms with respect to such Risk Event, provided that in respect of a Risk Event 
which is a Credit Event, "Redemption in Part" will be deemed to apply.  
"Russian Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "Additional Provisions for 
the Russian Federation (August 13, 2004)" apply. 
"Scheduled Maturity Date Extension" means an extension determined in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension). 
"Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means Credit Linked Notes in respect of which "Additional 
Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 2017)" 
apply in relation to one or more Reference Entities and in respect of which, each such relevant 
Reference Entity constitutes a Subordinated Reference Entity.  
"Senior Non-Preferred Obligation" means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or 
which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity existed, and which ranks above Traditional Subordinated Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity or which would so rank if any Traditional Subordinated 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity existed. A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall 
constitute a Subordinated Obligation. 
"Senior Obligation" means any Obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Senior Reference Entity" means a relevant Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference 
Obligation(s) or Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Senior Obligation. 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, (a) 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or (b) if 
no such seniority level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) 
"Senior Level" or (d) in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relevant Reference 
Entity, the "Senior Non-Preferred Level". 
"Settled Entity" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each entity (if any) 
identified as such for the Index in the Settled Entity Matrix.  
"Settled Entity Incurred Loss Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to the Aggregate Settled Entity Loss 
Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount. 
"Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to the Aggregate Settled Entity 
Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount. 
"Settled Entity Loss Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
with respect to a Settled Entity, an amount equal to the product of (subject to a minimum of 
zero):

--- Page 723 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
723 
 
(a) 
the Settled Entity Notional Amount for such Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
(i) 100 per cent. minus (ii) the Weighted Average Final Price set out opposite such 
Settled Entity in the Settled Entity Matrix or where "Fixed Recovery Redemption" 
applies, the Fixed Recovery Percentage.  
"Settled Entity Matrix" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Settled 
Entity Matrix as most recently amended and supplemented as of the calendar day immediately 
preceding the Trade Date, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and as published by Markit 
or any successor thereto (which can be accessed at http://www.markit.com or any successor 
website thereto). 
"Settled Entity Notional Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
and with respect to each Settled Entity: 
(a) 
the product of (i) the Implicit Portfolio Size and (ii) the Settled Entity Weighting of 
the relevant Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (i) one by (ii) the sum of the aggregate of the 
Reference Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities and the aggregate of the Settled 
Entity Weightings for all Settled Entities. 
"Settled Entity Recovery Amount" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
and with respect to a Settled Entity, an amount equal to the product of: 
(a) 
the Settled Entity Notional Amount for such Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
the lesser of (i) 100 per cent. and (ii) the Weighted Average Final Price set out opposite 
such Settled Entity in the Settled Entity Matrix or where "Fixed Recovery 
Redemption" applies, the Fixed Recovery Percentage.  
"Settled Entity Weighting" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and with 
respect to a Settled Entity, the weighting specified for such Settled Entity in the Settled Entity 
Matrix. 
"Settlement Currency Principal Amount" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the nominal amount of the Reference Investor 
Assets of such Reference Entity, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Settlement/Custodial Event" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, (a) the occurrence of any event, the 
existence of any condition or the taking of any action that results, or may result with the passage 
of time, in the Bankruptcy (as if references to "Reference Entity" were changed to "Custodian" 
for these purposes) of any Custodian or (b) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets owned 
by such Reference Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (i) fails to 
perform in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed to a Reference Investor under any 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (ii) fails to take any action when instructed to 
do so by a Reference Investor pursuant to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement, or (iii) takes any action which is contrary to the terms of any Reference 
Custodial/Settlement Arrangement; in each case that affects or may affect, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in 
respect of the Issuer's obligations with respect to the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 724 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
724 
 
"Single Name Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such 
in the Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders 
in respect of one Reference Entity. 
"Single Name Partial Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 24(h)(i) (Single Name Credit Linked Notes). 
"Single Name Successor Entity" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
24 (Successor Provisions). 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the relevant 
Reference Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, 
converted, reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to 
constitute capital resources of a particular tier. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity 
(including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a relevant 
Reference Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
(a) in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and (b) which fell within the 
definition of a "Deliverable Obligation" immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing 
such Restructuring. 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, 
reconstitution or other similar event. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Sources specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, two). 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its 
website at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time. The current SRO list can be obtained at 
https://ihsmarkit.com/products/red-cds.html. 
"Standard Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event and a 
Series where Auction Redemption is specified as the applicable Credit Event Redemption 
Method and "Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not specified to be applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period, provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with 
respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this definition, the Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event Resolution

--- Page 725 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
725 
 
Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period 
(including prior to the Trade Date) and either: 
(i) 
(I) the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) the Trade Date 
occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(ii) 
(I) the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) a Credit Event Notice 
is delivered by a notifying party to the other party and is effective on or prior 
to the Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
provided that: 
(1) 
no Physical Redemption Date or full redemption of the Credit Linked Notes 
has occurred on or prior to the date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity has occurred on or prior to the date on which the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an Event 
Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with respect to the 
portion of the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the relevant 
Reference Entity to which the Event Determination Date relates, if any, with 
respect to which no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has 
occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit 
Event has previously been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders, (aa) unless the 
M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject 
of the Applicable DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless, and to the extent that, if 
the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Exercise Amount specified in any 
such Credit Event Notice was less than the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes 
are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, the Exercise Amount specified in any such Credit Event Notice 
was less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected 
Reference Entity, or (cc) unless a representative credit derivative transaction 
economically equivalent to the Credit Linked Notes in unfunded format 
referencing the same Affected Reference Entity and (a) having identical 
deliverable obligation terms to one set of the Deliverable Obligation Terms 
of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms and to the 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes; (b) in the case 
of M(M)R Restructuring, having a scheduled termination date which falls 
within the designated scheduled termination dates for the Applicable Auction 
and having similar tenor to the Credit Linked Notes (in each case, assuming 
"Auction Redemption" and a deemed occurrence of an Event Determination

--- Page 726 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
726 
 
Date) would be a covered transaction and the deliverable obligations set out 
on the Final List are identical to the Deliverable Obligations for such Series. 
If no election is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "Single Notifying Party Event 
Determination Date" shall not apply. 
"Standard Exercise Cut-off Date" means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and a Series to which "Standard Event 
Determination Date" applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms may be published, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days 
following the date on which such Final List is published (assuming, for the 
purposes of the timing set out herein, that any Credit Event Notice is delivered 
by the Calculation Agent (as a buyer of credit protection) to the Issuer (as a 
seller of credit protection); or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event and a Series to which "Standard Event Determination 
Date" does not apply, the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves. 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity with 
the relevant Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. Unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Standard Reference Obligation(s) in 
respect of a Series of Credit Linked Notes will be deemed to be "Applicable".  
"Standard Specified Currency" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the UK and the United States of America and the euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall 
mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be 
a series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity, by one or more entities. 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any Obligation which is Subordinated to any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or which would 
be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference 
Entity existed. 
"Subordinated Reference Entity" means a relevant Reference Entity for which the Reference 
Obligation(s) or Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Subordinated Obligation. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the Obligation that may replace the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Credit

--- Page 727 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
727 
 
Linked Condition 26 (Reference Obligation), or, in the case of the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as determined by the Index Sponsor (in 
the absence of any determination by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee). 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" (a) no Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Series and (b) if the 
events set out in sub-paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with 
respect to the Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Series, such Reference 
Obligation shall continue to be the Reference Obligation. 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on 
which the Calculation Agent notifies the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer of the Substitute Reference 
Obligation that it has identified in accordance with the definition of "Substitute Reference 
Obligation". 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c) 
for any other reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an Obligation of a relevant 
Reference Entity, (either directly or as provider of a Guarantee (or, in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy)). 
For the purposes of the identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will 
not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition has occurred on or prior to the 
Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to sub-
paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition, as the case may be, on the Issue Date. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
"Substitution Event Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note, 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to (x) the fair market value of the 
Credit Linked Notes (which shall be deemed to have a principal amount equal to the product of 
(i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes and (ii) the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Reference Entity which is the subject of the 
Substitution Event where the Notes are redeemed in part) determined by the Issuer as at the 
Substitution Event Date, and (y) adjusted to take into account any Unwind Costs (if any).  
"Successor" means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 24(a) (Eligible Successors), the entity 
or entities, if any, determined by the Calculation Agent or the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, as applicable, as follows: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (g) of this definition, if one entity succeeds, either directly or 
as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference

--- Page 728 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
728 
 
Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to seventy five per cent. or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(b) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, 
in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to more than 
twenty five per cent. (but less than seventy five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity and not more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, 
the entity that succeeds to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
will be the sole Successor; 
(c) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) 
to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity, and not more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, the entities that 
succeed to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a 
Successor; 
(d) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) 
to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity, and more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, each such entity and the 
Reference Entity will each be a Successor; 
(e) 
if one or more entities succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
(or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity and the relevant Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor;  
(f) 
if one or more entities succeeds either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
(or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity and the relevant Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to 
the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if 
two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such 
entity will be a Successor); and 
(g) 
in respect of a relevant Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes 
all of the Obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the relevant 
Reference Entity, and at the time of the determination either (i) the relevant Reference 
Entity has ceased to exist, or (ii) the relevant Reference Entity is in the process of being 
dissolved (howsoever described) and the relevant Reference Entity has not issued or 
incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective date 
of the assumption, such entity (the "Universal Successor") will be the sole Successor. 
For the purposes of this definition, "succeed" means, with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the relevant Reference Entity (A) 
assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or 
pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity that is a

--- Page 729 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
729 
 
Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), 
or (B) issues Bonds or incurs loans (the "Exchange Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for 
Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), and in either case the relevant Reference 
Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of 
a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) with respect to the Relevant 
Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For the purposes of this definition, 
"succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC Resolution, the 
date that is 90 calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date; and 
(b) 
in all other cases, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which the Successor Notice is effective; and 
(ii) 
in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has 
occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to make a Successor determination and (C) the Successor Notice 
is delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent not more than 14 calendar days 
after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. 
The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities 
succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; provided 
that if at such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date 
of the final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (a) the date on which a 
determination pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of "Successor" would not be affected 
by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (b) the occurrence of an 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
"Successor Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders that describes a succession (or, in relation 
to a relevant Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in respect of 
which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors to the 
Reference Entity can be determined. A Successor Notice must contain a description in 
reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination to be made pursuant to paragraph (a) 
of the definition of "Successor". 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or 
more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC 
Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the 
date on which such notice is effective. 
"Swaption Adjustment Event" means a Credit Linked Adjustment Event or a Swaption 
Disruption Event.

--- Page 730 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
730 
 
"Swaption Buyer" means the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty. 
"Swaption Disruption Event" means (i) an Administrator/Benchmark Event or (ii) a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event. 
"Swaption Interest Amount" means an amount per Credit Linked Note equal to such Credit 
Linked Note's pro rata share of the Index Swaption Cash Settlement Amount. 
"Swaption Interest Amount Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
"Swaption Seller" means the Issuer. 
"T2 Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 (the Trans-European Automarket Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer System), or any successor or replacement for that system, is 
open.  
"Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation" means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which meets the conditions set out in the CRR or 
which are (or were at any time) otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR. 
"Traditional Subordinated Obligation" means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (i) 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with any Tier 2 
Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; and (iii) any obligations of the 
Reference Entity which are Subordinated to the obligations thereto described in (i) and (ii) 
above shall each (without limitation) constitute Traditional Subordinated Obligations in respect 
of a Senior Non-Preferred Obligation. A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall constitute a 
Further Subordinated Obligation. 
"Tranche Size" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Tranche Size will be expressed as a percentage. 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms; provided that the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, that (a) the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are 
substantially the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes, and (b) if such Credit Event is a Restructuring for which either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is applicable or deemed to be applicable, 
a credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Notes would be an 
"Auction Covered Transaction" for the purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Transaction Type" means, where "Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, each Reference Entity designated as one of the 
following in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
Standard North American Corporate; 
(b) 
Standard European Corporate;

--- Page 731 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
731 
 
(c) 
Standard European Financial Corporate; 
(d) 
Standard European CoCo Financial Corporate; 
(e) 
Standard European Senior Non-Preferred Financial Corporate; 
(f) 
Standard European Limited Recourse Corporate; 
(g) 
Standard Subordinated European Insurance Corporate; 
(h) 
Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN; 
(i) 
Standard Emerging European Corporate; 
(j) 
Standard Japan Corporate; 
(k) 
Standard Japan Financial Corporate; 
(l) 
Standard Japan Sovereign; 
(m) 
Standard Singapore Corporate; 
(n) 
Standard Singapore Financial Corporate; 
(o) 
Standard Singapore Sovereign;  
(p) 
Standard Asia Corporate; 
(q) 
Standard Asia Financial Corporate; 
(r) 
Standard Asia Sovereign; 
(s) 
Standard Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign; 
(t) 
Standard Western European Sovereign; 
(u) 
Standard Latin America Corporate B 
(v) 
Standard Latin America Corporate BL; 
(w) 
Standard Latin America Sovereign; 
(x) 
Standard Australia Corporate; 
(y) 
Standard Australia Financial Corporate; 
(z) 
Standard Australia Sovereign; 
(aa) 
Standard New Zealand Corporate; 
(bb) 
Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate; 
(cc) 
Standard New Zealand Sovereign,

--- Page 732 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
732 
 
and any other Transaction Type which may be added to the Physical Settlement Matrix from 
time to time. 
"Trigger Percentage" means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity, the trigger percentage 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or if no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per 
cent.). 
"UK" means the United Kingdom. 
"Ukraine Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity to which the "Additional Provisions for 
the Republic of Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations (April 
11, 2016)" apply. 
"Undeliverable Assets" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 19(k)(iii) 
(Payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any)). 
"Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 19(i)(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
"Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in the Settlement Currency equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(B) 
(I) the LA Recovery Amount or (II) where "Fixed Recovery 
Redemption" is applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage; minus 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any (but 
excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the 
principal amount of the relevant LA Settlement Assets to deliver). 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 19(i)(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
"Underlying Finance Instrument" means, in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, a deposit, 
loan or other Borrowed Money instrument from an LPN Issuer to such LPN Reference Entity.  
"Underlying Loan" means, in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, a loan from an LPN Issuer. 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a Guarantee, the Obligation which is the 
subject of the Guarantee. 
"Underlying Obligor" means, with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case 
of a Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation.

--- Page 733 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
733 
 
"Underlying RMB Illiquidity (FX)" means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of any event or 
circumstance whereby: 
(a) 
the general Renminbi exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid (including, 
without limitation, the existence of any significant price distortion) as a result of which 
the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under 
the Notes (or if applicable, any party to a Hedging Position cannot obtain sufficient 
Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under such Hedging Positions);  
(b) 
it becomes impossible or impractical for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (or would 
be impossible or impractical for any party to a Hedging Position) to obtain a firm quote 
of the exchange rate or to determine the FX Rate, as the case may be; or  
(c) 
it becomes impossible or impracticable (where it had previously been possible or 
practicable) for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates to obtain a firm quote of an offer price 
in respect of any Relevant Disrupted Amount on each relevant payment date under the 
Notes (as the case may be), either in one transaction or a commercially reasonable 
number of transactions that, when taken together, is no less than such Relevant 
Disrupted Amount, in the general RMB exchange market in each RMB Settlement 
Centre in order to perform its obligations under the Notes (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the inability for a party to obtain such firm quote solely due to issues relating to 
its creditworthiness shall not constitute an Underlying RMB Illiquidity),  
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
"Universal Successor" has the meaning given in the definition of "Successor". 
"Unwind Costs" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, fees, 
charges, expenses (including loss of funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates in connection with: 
(a) 
the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes; and 
(b) 
if the Issuer has elected to hedge its exposure, the related termination, settlement or re-
establishment of any hedge or related trading position. 
"Valuation Date" means:  
(a) 
if "Single Valuation Date" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 23(d) (Redemption Suspension), the date that is 
the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms after (i) the Event 
Determination Date (where the Event Determination Date does not occur pursuant to 
paragraph (b) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or sub-
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date"); (ii) 
the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs (where no Standard 
Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the 
Event Determination Date to occur) or the relevant Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, as applicable (where Standard Exercise Cut-off 
Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event 
Determination Date to occur), in each case where the Event Determination Date occurs

--- Page 734 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
734 
 
pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or 
sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date" or 
(iii) the Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date where Fallback 
Redemption Method applies; and (iv) if the number of Business Days is not so 
specified, any day falling on or before the 90th Business Day following the applicable 
date referred to in (i), (ii) or (iii) above; 
(b) 
if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 23(d) (Redemption Suspension), each of the 
following dates: 
(i) 
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms after (i) the Event Determination Date (where the Event Determination 
Date does not occur pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition of "Standard 
Event Determination Date" or sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-
Standard Event Determination Date"); (ii) the day on which the DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs (where no Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event 
Determination Date to occur) or the relevant Standard Exercise Cut-off Date 
or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, as applicable (where Standard 
Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order 
for the Event Determination Date to occur), in each case where the Event 
Determination Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition of 
"Standard Event Determination Date" or sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition 
of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date" or (iii) the Auction 
Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date where Fallback 
Redemption Method applies; and (iv) if the number of Business Days is not 
specified, 5 Business Days following the applicable date referred to in (i), (ii) 
or (iii) above); and  
(ii) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 
5 Business Days) after the date on which the Calculation Agent obtains a 
Market Value with respect to the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
(c) 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the total 
number of Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, 
five Valuation Dates). 
(d) 
if neither "Single Valuation Date" nor "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the terms of paragraph (a) of this definition shall apply as if 
"Single Valuation Date" had been specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Valuation Method" means: 
(a) 
where there is only one Valuation Date, Highest, Lowest or Market, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if no Valuation Method is specified, Highest shall apply). 
(b) 
where there is more than one Valuation Date, Average Highest, Average Market or 
Highest, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if no Valuation Method is 
specified, Average Highest shall apply).

--- Page 735 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
735 
 
where: 
(i) 
"Average Highest" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "Quotation") with respect to each Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
"Average Market" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") with respect to any 
Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
"Lowest" means the lowest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") with respect to any 
Valuation Date; and 
(v) 
"Market" means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) of this definition, if Quotations include fewer than two 
Full Quotations, the Valuation Method shall be Market or Average Market, as the case may be. 
"Valuation Obligation" means, where Cash Redemption applies, an obligation, as selected by 
the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, provided 
such obligations(s) is either a Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable 
Obligation as at the Valuation Date. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such 
time is specified, the time determined by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as close as 
reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Deliverable 
Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as the case may be, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that such principal trading market would be closed at such time or such transactions are not 
being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at such time, in which event the Valuation Time 
shall be such other time as may be specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market 
is open. 
"Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity" means any of the following entities: 
(a) 
República Bolivariana de Venezuela; 
(b) 
Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A.;  
(c) 
any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality of República Bolivariana de 
Venezuela, including the Central Bank of Venezuela and Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A.; 
and 
(d) 
any person owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, any entity referred to 
in (a) to (c) above. 
"Venezuela Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity or an Underlying Obligor which is a 
Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity and the "Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan

--- Page 736 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
736 
 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017)" 
apply. 
"Venezuelan Order" means the Executive Order 13808 of 24 August 2017 "Imposing 
Additional Sanctions With Respect to the Situation in Venezuela" or subsequent executive 
order, legislation, regulation or similar action implemented by OFAC imposing a sanction on 
debt of a Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity. 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Final Price" means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
and each Settled Entity, the amount specified in respect of such Settled Entity in the Settled 
Entity Matrix. 
"Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA)" means: 
(a) 
where the number of days in the Zero Coupon Calculation Period is equal to or shorter 
than the Zero Coupon Determination Period during which the Zero Coupon 
Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Zero Coupon Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
where the Zero Coupon Calculation Period is longer than the Zero Coupon 
Determination Period during which the Zero Coupon Calculation Period ends, the sum 
of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period falling in the 
Zero Coupon Determination Period in which the Zero Coupon Calculation 
Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Zero 
Coupon Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Zero Coupon Calculation Period falling in the next 
Zero Coupon Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Zero Coupon Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year. 
"Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Single Name 
Credit Linked Note or Linear Basket Credit Linked Note which is also a Zero Coupon Note, 
either: 
(a) 
where "Calculation Agent Determination of Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount" is 
specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as payable on the Early Redemption Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(I) 
where "Linear Accretion" is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms:

--- Page 737 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
737 
 
ZCRP x (1 + AY)z 
(II) 
where "Linear Accretion" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
ZCRP x (1 + AY*z) 
where: 
"AY" means the Amortisation Yield expressed as a decimal;  
"z" is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Issue Terms which will be either (i) 
"30/360" (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) in the relevant Zero Coupon 
Calculation Period (as defined in the General Conditions) and the denominator will be 360) or 
(ii) "Actual/360" (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days in the 
relevant Zero Coupon Calculation Period and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) “Actual/365” 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days in the relevant Zero 
Coupon Calculation Period and the denominator will be 365) or (iv) "Actual/Actual (ICMA) ", 
in which case the Day Count Fraction will be determined as set out in the definition of "Zero 
Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA)" as set out in the General Conditions; and 
"Zero Coupon Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Credit Linked Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Credit Linked Note becomes due and repayable. 
(c) 
Where "Multiple Rate Amortisation Yield" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
ZCRP x  ෑ(1 + AY)z
t
i=1
 
For the purposes of this paragraph (c): 
AY means, in respect of a Calculation Period (i) (where i = 1…t), the Amortisation Yield 
(expressed as a decimal) specified for such Calculation Period (i) in the Amortisation Yield 
Table under the heading "Amortisation Yield". 
Calculation Period (i) means each period from (and including) the relevant Start Date to (but 
excluding) the relevant End Date of such period, each as specified under the heading 
"Calculation Period" in the Amortisation Yield Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Calculation Period (t) means the Calculation Period (i) during which the Relevant Early 
Termination Date occurs. 
Relevant Early Termination Date means the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which the Securities become due and repayable. 
z means, in respect of a Calculation Period (i), the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be 
equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months 
of 30 days each) in the relevant Zero Coupon Calculation Period and the denominator will be 
360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days

--- Page 738 ---
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity) 
 
738 
 
in the relevant Zero Coupon Calculation Period and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) 
Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days in the 
relevant Zero Coupon Calculation Period and the denominator will be 365) or (iii) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA), in which case the Day Count Fraction will be determined as set out in 
the definition of "Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA)" above. 
Zero Coupon Calculation Period means 
(A) 
in respect of each Calculation Period (i) ending prior to Calculation Period (t), the 
period from (and including) the Start Date of such Calculation Period (i) to (but 
excluding) the End Date of such Calculation Period (i); and 
(B) 
in respect of the Calculation Period (t), the period from (and including) the Start Date 
in respect of the Calculation Period (t), to (but excluding) the Relevant Early 
Termination Date. 
"Zero Coupon Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a 
Determination Date to (but excluding) the next Determination Date. 
"Zero Coupon Reference Price" or “ZCRP” means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note and 
a Relevant Credit Event, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as the product of: 
(a) 
in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, the Outstanding Nominal Amount 
of such Credit Linked Note or, in respect of each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, 
each Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes; and 
(b) 
the Issue Price expressed as a percentage. 
"Zero Coupon Percentage" means a percentage equal to the Issue Price of the Notes unless a 
different percentage is specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Zero Coupon Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms

--- Page 739 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
739 
 
PART C: CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
The Credit Linked Conditions of the Notes set out the specific terms and conditions that apply to only 
Credit Linked Notes for which "2003 Reference Entity" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, where this Part C applies, Part B (Credit Linked Conditions (2014 
Reference Entity)) will not apply. 
The Credit Linked Conditions set out the economic or 'payout' terms of the Credit Linked Notes. These 
are optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of Credit Linked 
Notes. The applicable Issue Terms will specify which of the provisions apply to that Series of Credit 
Linked Notes. 
The provisions in this Part C are the conditions (the "Credit Linked Conditions") that will apply to the 
Notes if the applicable Issue Terms provide that "Credit Linked Notes" are applicable (the "Credit 
Linked Notes") and "2003 Reference Entity" is applicable. These Credit Linked Conditions apply as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable. In the case of any inconsistency between these Credit Linked 
Conditions, the General Conditions and any other Schedule, these Credit Linked Conditions will prevail. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any clarificatory language herein in italicised shall not form part of the 
Credit Linked Conditions.  
This Part C will apply to Credit Linked Notes in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection 
from Noteholders in respect of one Reference Entity only ("Single Name Credit Linked Notes"). 
Words and expressions defined or used in the applicable Issue Terms shall have the same meanings 
where used in these Credit Linked Conditions, General Conditions and any other Schedule unless the 
context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these 
Credit Linked Conditions or elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the Credit 
Linked Notes will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Issue Terms. References in these 
Credit Linked Conditions to "Credit Linked Notes" are to the Credit Linked Notes, as the case may be, 
of one Series only, not to all Credit Linked Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Credit Linked Conditions to a Credit Linked Condition 
are to the corresponding provision of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Redemption on the Scheduled Maturity Date where no Relevant Credit Event has occurred 
Unless the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled by the Issuer, provided that a Relevant Event Determination Date has not occurred 
and subject to Credit Linked Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), each 
outstanding Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if a Relevant Credit Event and 
a corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date has occurred, the Issuer will redeem the 
Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes), subject to Credit Linked Conditions 7 (Restructuring), 14 (Effect 
of DC Resolutions) and 15 (Successor Provisions), as applicable.

--- Page 740 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
740 
 
Upon discharge by the Issuer of its payment or delivery obligations on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date (or, if the Issuer does not have any payment or delivery obligations, upon the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date) pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 
8 (Auction Redemption Terms), 9 (Cash Redemption Terms), 10 (Physical Redemption Terms) 
or 11 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms), as applicable, or otherwise provided herein, the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of such portion of each Credit Linked Note affected by the 
Relevant Credit Event shall be discharged in full. 
As a result of one or more Credit Events, Noteholders may receive less than the principal amount 
of a Credit Linked Note (and such amount may be zero). Any shortfall shall be borne by the 
Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Early redemption other than following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early: 
(i) 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions; 
(ii) 
following, if applicable, a Merger Event pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 12 
(Redemption upon Merger Event); or 
(iii) 
following, if applicable, the failure to substitute the Reference Obligation in certain 
events as set out in Credit Linked Condition 17(d) (Redemption following no 
substitution), 
each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed by payment of its Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Substitution Event 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, on the Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date 
or Substitution Event Date, as applicable, in each case, in accordance with the applicable 
Conditions. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in these Credit Linked Conditions, if a Relevant Credit 
Event occurs immediately after an event triggering early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes 
(as described above), the occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event will be disregarded (to the 
extent that the relevant Credit Linked Notes have not already been redeemed in full and 
cancelled) and the Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Merger 
Redemption Amount or Substitution Event Redemption Amount, as applicable, payable to 
Noteholders will be determined on the basis of the event triggering early redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes only. 
2. 
Interest on Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Accrual of Interest where a Relevant Event Determination Date has not occurred 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following a CE Resolution 
Notice or a potential Credit Event), and provided that the Credit Linked Notes have not been 
previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, interest (if any) shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes in accordance with 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule (as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable) to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes)

--- Page 741 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
741 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue on any Credit Linked Note on or after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event and a 
corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date, the payment of interest (if any) in respect 
of the Applicable Proportion of each relevant Credit Linked Note on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, as determined in accordance with and subject to Credit Linked Condition 3 
(Single Name Credit Linked Notes), will be suspended as of: 
(i) 
if "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(x) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date; or 
(y) 
where there is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
if "Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the applicable Issue Terms, the first Business 
Day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date. 
(iii) 
In such case, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note, interest shall accrue on 
the Applicable Proportion of such Credit Linked Note: 
(x) 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Relevant Event Determination Date, or (where there is no Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date), the 
Issue Date 
(y) 
to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date. 
(c) 
Suspension of Interest following a CE Resolution Notice or a potential Credit Event 
Subject to Credit Linked Conditions 2(d) (Payment of Suspended Interest following 
announcement by ISDA or determination by the Calculation Agent), 2(e) (Payment of 
Suspended Interest and reduction of future Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event) and 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), if, on or prior to an Interest Payment 
Date, the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
a CE Resolution Notice has been submitted in respect of which a DC Resolution 
(including, but not limited to, a DC Credit Event Announcement and a DC No Credit 
Event Announcement) has not been published or the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not resolved whether it will convene a meeting to 
Resolve the matters described in the CE Resolution Notice; or  
(ii) 
a Relevant Credit Event and corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date could 
occur but no Credit Event Notice has been provided to the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders,  
the payment of any interest in respect of the Applicable Proportion will be suspended as of the 
Interest Payment Date on or immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date, or,

--- Page 742 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
742 
 
where there is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issue Date, notwithstanding that a Relevant Event Determination Date 
has not then occurred. 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable if any payment of interest on their 
Notes is suspended pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 2(c). 
The Applicable Proportion of each relevant Credit Linked Note shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (i) on the assumption that (x) a Relevant Credit Event would result in a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, (y) the Relevant Credit Event will not be a Restructuring 
and (z) where any Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, is required to determine the 
portion of the Credit Linked Notes subject to interest suspension, a Fixed Recovery Percentage 
of zero per cent. will apply and (ii) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes). 
Except for such portion of interest that is suspended in respect of each Credit Linked Note, 
payment of any interest on the remaining portion of the relevant Credit Linked Note (which is 
unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event), if applicable, will be payable to Noteholders as usual 
on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
(d) 
Payment of Suspended Interest following announcement by ISDA or determination by the 
Calculation Agent 
If: 
(i) 
In connection with a CE Resolution Notice: (A) an Applicable DC No Credit Event 
Announcement occurs; or (B) ISDA publicly announces that the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters set out in such 
CE Resolution Notice; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Event Determination Date can no 
longer occur,  
payment of the suspended interest will be made no later than 10 Business Days following (I) in 
the case of Credit Linked Condition 2(d)(i)(A) above, the relevant announcement by ISDA or 
(II) otherwise, the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Event 
Determination Date can no longer occur (taking into consideration any Notice Delivery Period, 
the date on which ISDA publicly announces that the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters set out in the CE Resolution Notice, the 
date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement and any Exercise Cut-off Date). 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall continue to be suspended until a relevant 
announcement by ISDA (as described above) occurs, the Calculation Agent determines that no 
Relevant Event Determination Date can occur. In such circumstances, Noteholders may not 
receive any interest for multiple Interest Periods and no liability shall attach to the Issuer for 
any such non-payment of interest. 
(e) 
Payment of Suspended Interest and reduction of future Interest following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Credit Event 
If, a Relevant Event Determination Date occurs:

--- Page 743 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
743 
 
(i) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following a CE Resolution 
Notice or a potential Credit Event) is greater than the amount of interest that should 
have been suspended (taking into consideration the Applicable Proportion of the 
relevant Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant Credit Event), the Issuer shall 
pay an amount equal to: 
(x) 
the interest amount actually suspended; minus 
(y) 
the interest amount that should have been suspended, 
no later than 10 Business Days following the date of such determination by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following a CE Resolution 
Notice or a potential Credit Event) is less than the amount of interest that should have 
been suspended (taking into consideration the Applicable Proportion of the relevant 
Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant Credit Event), the Issuer shall deduct the 
absolute value of (x) the interest amount actually suspended minus (y) the interest 
amount that should have been suspended (the absolute value of such amount, the 
"Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount") from future payments of Interest Amounts 
until the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount is reduced to zero, provided that if there 
is an outstanding Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount at the time that the Credit 
Linked Notes are being redeemed in full (whether at maturity or upon early 
redemption), such interest shall be deducted from any amount payable to Noteholders 
at such time, or where "Physical Redemption" applies, Delivery of the relevant assets 
shall take into account any reduction as is required to be effected. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount cannot be 
deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being 
insufficient), the Issuer shall have no further claims against the Noteholders for any 
amounts not deducted. 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
This Credit Linked Condition 2(f) applies only if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event, notwithstanding the suspension of interest 
pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event), the relevant Credit Payment on Maturity Amount shall 
accrue interest at the Funding Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period (regardless of 
whether "No Interest Accrual on Default" or "Interest Accrual on Default" applies), from (and 
including) the first Business Day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination 
Date, to (but excluding in the case of paragraphs (i) and (ii) below and including in the case of 
paragraph (iii) below) the earliest to occur of: 
(i) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption 
Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable; and

--- Page 744 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
744 
 
(iii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are redeeming in full following a Relevant Credit 
Event, the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the Credit Event 
Redemption Date which results in the relevant Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in 
full, 
such interest, the "Funding Interest Amount". 
3. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Introduction 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of any one Reference Entity and, 
accordingly, Noteholders are exposed to the credit risk of such Reference Entity only (subject 
to the Successor provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor Provisions)). 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Single Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 7 (Restructuring) and 15 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Single Name Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where the Relevant Credit Event is not a Restructuring or no 
successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount 
divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is a Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Single Name Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is 
not a Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event); 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Single Name 
Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with

--- Page 745 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
745 
 
General Condition 4 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule to (but 
excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur 
of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, the Optional 
Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event 
Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date 
which results in the Single Name Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(g) (Accrual of Interest at 
Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the applicable Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event) from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date (or if there is no 
Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination 
Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are 
redeemed in full; 
(iii) 
if the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased 
and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note in accordance with 
the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, the "Physical Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or 
the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 746 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
746 
 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the 
Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 8 
(Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 6 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the 
Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 8 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 8 
(Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the 
Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 9 
(Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 6 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity

--- Page 747 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
747 
 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 9 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 8 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note as if Physical Redemption had 
been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single 
Name Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Noteholder of the Physical Redemption 
Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each Noteholder of 
any Partial Cash Redemption Amount or any Fallback Cash Redemption Amount (as 
applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 10 (Physical Redemption 
Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 6 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 11 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of 
such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
4. 
Credit Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information 
(a) 
If (i) a Credit Event Notice and (ii) if "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available 
Information is required to be delivered during one of the periods specified in paragraph (a) of 
the definition of "Event Determination Date" for an effective Event Determination Date to 
occur, the Calculation Agent shall deliver the Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice

--- Page 748 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
748 
 
of Publicly Available Information to the Issuer, provided that sub-paragraph (ii) shall be deemed 
to be satisfied in circumstances where ISDA publicly announces on or prior to the last day of 
the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit 
Event has occurred with respect to the relevant Reference Entity or Obligation thereof. The 
Issuer shall, upon receipt of such notice(s), forward them to the Fiscal Agent to make available 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices). 
(b) 
If a Credit Event Notice and, where applicable, a "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is 
not required to be delivered for an effective Event Determination Date to occur, the Calculation 
Agent shall give written notice not less than five Business Days prior to the date for redemption 
of the Credit Linked Notes (or a portion thereof) containing the same information required to 
be included in a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information to the Issuer. The Issuer shall, upon receipt of such notice(s), forward them to the 
Fiscal Agent to make available to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 19 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent's determination of a Credit Event will, in the absence of manifest error, 
be final, conclusive and binding on all persons (including, without limitation, the Fiscal Agent 
and each Noteholder). 
(d) 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent or one or more of their respective 
affiliates will have any liability whatsoever for the failure of the Calculation Agent for any 
reason to determine that a Credit Event has occurred or with respect to the Calculation Agent 
or the Issuer's timing as to when to deliver a Credit Event Notice, and where applicable, a Notice 
of Publicly Available Information nor will they have any duty or responsibility to investigate or 
check whether any Credit Event has, or may have, occurred or may be continuing. 
5. 
Event Determination Dates and Adjustment Payments  
If, following the determination of an Event Determination Date, such Event Determination Date 
is deemed by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer (a) to have occurred on a date that is 
different from the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date, (b) 
not to have occurred, or (c) to have occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, then: 
(I) 
in respect of the event specified at (b) only, where the Credit Linked Notes have not 
already been redeemed in full, the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes shall be 
cancelled and the Credit Linked Notes shall continue in accordance with their terms as 
if the relevant Event Determination Date had not occurred; and 
(II) 
in respect of any of the events specified at (a), (b) or (c) above, the Calculation Agent 
will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine (A) the adjustment payment, if any, 
that is payable to Noteholders to reflect any change that may be necessary to the 
amount previously calculated and/or paid in respect of the relevant Series; and (B) the 
date on which such adjustment payment is payable, if any and thereafter notify the 
Issuer of such adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest shall be 
taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment, 
and in the case of (c) above, subject to Credit Linked Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked 
Notes).

--- Page 749 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
749 
 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 19 (Notices) of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events as soon as practicable 
thereafter without the consent of Noteholders being required to make the above adjustments. 
6. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension 
Where the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, that: 
(I) 
one or more Reference Entities: 
(x) 
may be subject to a Credit Event; 
(y) 
is or may be subject to a Potential Failure to Pay, if "Grace Period Extension" 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(z) 
is or may be subject to a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, if 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within an 
effective delivery period which may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurring; 
(III) 
a CE Resolution Notice may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within an 
effective delivery period which may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurring; 
(IV) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any Relevant Credit Event or the 
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date in relation to any Physical Redemption, as 
applicable, will only occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date (including any final 
Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date, as applicable);  
(V) 
a Payment Failure Cut-Off Date in relation to a Payment/Delivery Failure Event may 
occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(VI) 
an RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, 
it shall notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. The Issuer shall then notify the Noteholders and 
the Credit Linked Notes then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
but shall instead be redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date. 
If any amount is payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date of a Credit Linked Note (including 
any interest payment) to which the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6 apply, such 
amount shall fall due on the Extended Maturity Date and shall be payable without any interest 
or other sum payable in respect of the postponement of the payment of such amount. 
7. 
Restructuring 
For the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 7, the definition of "Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount" shall be construed in accordance with the provisions set out in Credit Linked

--- Page 750 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
750 
 
Condition 15 (Successor Provisions) where apportionment of calculation amounts as a result 
of multiple successors being identified is to be applied. 
(a) 
Credit Event Notice after a Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of a Restructuring with respect to a Series for which either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies, the 
Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such Restructuring 
to the Issuer (who shall forward such notice(s) to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the 
Noteholders), each such Credit Event Notice specifying the amount of the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes to which such Credit Event Notice applies to which 
such Credit Event Notice applies, as determined by the Calculation Agent which may be less 
than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (such amounts 
specified in the Credit Event Notice, the "Exercise Amount"), provided that if (i) the Credit 
Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount or (ii) the Credit Event Notice relates to any 
Credit Event other than a Restructuring, then, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Credit Linked Notes immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have been specified as the Exercise 
Amount. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, where 
a Restructuring has occurred and a Credit Event Notice has been delivered for an Exercise 
Amount that is less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes, as at the date immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice, the 
provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply to a principal amount of 
the Credit Linked Notes equal to the Exercise Amount only and all the relevant provisions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes following partial exercise 
If a Credit Event Notice has been delivered in respect of a Restructuring that specifies an 
Exercise Amount that is less than the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes, then: 
(i) 
the relevant provisions of Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes) relating to the redemption of Credit Linked Notes shall apply to the Exercise 
Amount, including for the purposes of calculating the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Amount or the Physical Redemption Assets to be Delivered to 
Noteholders, as applicable. In such circumstances, the Calculation Agent may adjust 
such provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions and/or applicable Issue Terms as it 
determines appropriate to take account of this Credit Linked Condition 7, including 
the basis of the calculation of any Credit Event Redemption Amount or the Physical 
Redemption Assets to be Delivered to Noteholders; 
(ii) 
following any payment of a relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or Delivery of 
the Physical Redemption Assets to Noteholders or any other determination made in 
respect of any Exercise Amount, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount shall 
(in all cases without double counting) be reduced by an amount equal to the Exercise 
Amount. The Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and interest (if applicable) shall accrue on 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount as provided for in General Condition 4 
(Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the Calculation Agent may

--- Page 751 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
751 
 
thereafter deliver one or more further Credit Event Notices in respect of such 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount to which the Credit Linked Conditions shall 
continue to apply; and 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent may adjust the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions 
and/or the applicable Issue Terms in such manner as it may determine to be appropriate 
to account for such event. 
(c) 
Subsequent Credit Events 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of a Credit Linked Note subject to multiple successor 
determinations, the fact that a Restructuring Credit Event has occurred in respect of a Reference 
Entity shall not preclude delivery of a Credit Event Notice in respect of any other Reference 
Entity. 
(d) 
Endorsement of Global Registered Note Certificate to reflect partial redemption 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 7 apply in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, 
on any redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note, the relevant Credit Linked Note or, 
if the Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, such Global 
Registered Note Certificate, shall be endorsed to reflect such part redemption on the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date. 
(e) 
Exercise Amount 
The Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing a Restructuring must 
be (i) an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Settlement Currency (or, if Yen, 
100,000,000 units) or an integral multiple thereof; or (ii) the entire Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Exercise Amount must be an amount that is not greater than the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount. 
The Exercise Amount shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent. 
8. 
Auction Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Fallback Redemption 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 14(d) (Redemption Suspension), if the Calculation Agent 
determines with respect to a Credit Event and any relevant CE Resolution Notice, Applicable 
Resolution and/or Applicable Auction, that: 
(i) 
an Auction Cancellation Date has occurred;  
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred (and, in circumstances where such No 
Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition of "No 
Auction Announcement Date", the Calculation Agent has not exercised the Movement 
Option);  
(iii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred but the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not determined that one or more Auctions will be held

--- Page 752 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
752 
 
in accordance with any Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or, if applicable, 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms; 
(iv) 
ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved, following a Credit Event Resolution Request Date, not to 
determine the matters described in the relevant CE Resolution Notice; or  
(v) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to paragraph (a) of the 
definition of "Event Determination Date", and no Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date has occurred on or prior to the date falling three Business Days after such 
Relevant Event Determination Date, or  
(vi) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to paragraph (b)(ii)(B) 
of the definition of "Event Determination Date", 
then, the Fallback Redemption Method shall apply and the Issuer shall redeem each Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 9 (Cash Redemption Terms) (if Cash 
Redemption is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method) or 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 10 (Physical Redemption Terms) (if "Physical 
Redemption" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method). 
(b) 
Movement Option 
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
Applicable" applies and the Calculation Agent determines in respect of a Restructuring that a 
No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c) of the 
definition of "No Auction Announcement Date", the Calculation Agent may elect in its sole and 
absolute discretion to deliver a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the Issuer (who will 
then send a subsequent notice to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Noteholders) at 
any time on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. If a Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option is so delivered, then any redemption of the Credit Linked Notes shall be effected by the 
Issuer by payment of the relevant Auction Redemption Amount on the relevant Auction 
Redemption Date (or, if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, by payment of the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount on the Final Auction Redemption Date), as applicable, and any such 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes shall be determined on the basis of the Auction Final 
Price determined by reference to the relevant Parallel Auction identified by the Calculation 
Agent in the Notice to Exercise Movement Option. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is 
delivered by the Calculation Agent, all references in these Credit Linked Conditions to 
"Applicable Auction", "Applicable Auction Settlement Terms", "Auction Cancellation Date" 
and "Auction Final Price Determination Date" shall be deemed to be references to the "Parallel 
Auction", "Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" and "Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" and 
the terms of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Delivery of Auction Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit Payment Following Credit 
Event" applies, following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
shall deliver the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Issuer and the Issuer shall deliver 
the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no later than five Business Days 
following the Auction Final Price Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, deliver the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices).

--- Page 753 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
753 
 
9. 
Cash Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Determination of Final Price 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 14(d) (Redemption Suspension), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date and upon satisfaction of the 
Conditions to Settlement, on the Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent shall 
commence determination of the Final Price using the Valuation Obligation to be 
valued. 
(ii) 
If: 
(I) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of Quotations obtained with respect to the Valuation Obligation, such 
Quotations shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(II) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of Quotations obtained with respect to the Valuation Obligation, such 
Quotations shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(III) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Quotations obtained with 
respect to the Valuation Obligation, the Calculation Agent shall determine, 
based on the then current market practice in the market of the Valuation 
Obligation whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but 
unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof. 
(iii) 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with this specification or determination. 
(iv) 
If any Quotation obtained with respect to an Accreting Obligation is expressed as a 
percentage of the amount payable in respect of such obligation at maturity, such 
Quotation will instead be expressed as a percentage of the outstanding principal 
balance (as defined in the definition of "Physical Redemption Assets") for purposes of 
determining the Final Price. 
(b) 
Delivery of Cash Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit Payment Following Credit 
Event" applies, the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, after obtaining 
all Quotations for a Valuation Date and determining the Final Price (such date of determination, 
the "Final Price Determination Date"), provide the Issuer with a Cash Redemption Amount 
Notice. The Issuer shall deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no 
later than five Business Days following the Final Price Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent 
shall then, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices). 
10. 
Physical Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 14(d) (Redemption Suspension) and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, and unless previously redeemed

--- Page 754 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
754 
 
in full or purchased and cancelled, if (a) Physical Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms or (b) Physical Redemption 
applies as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 8 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires that the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 10, following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date and upon satisfaction of the Conditions to 
Settlement, the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note, shall, subject to and 
in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 10, be redeemed by, in respect of each 
Noteholder: (i) Delivery (at the risk of the relevant Noteholder) of the Physical 
Redemption Assets specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, on or prior to the Physical Redemption Date in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 10(b) (Physical Redemption Assets), and (ii) 
payment of the Partial Cash Redemption Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount (if applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms), pursuant to which the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the redemption of the Applicable Proportion of each 
Credit Linked Note shall be fully and effectively discharged. 
(ii) 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes that are only partially redeemed, the remaining 
portion of each Credit Linked Note which is not so redeemed shall be redeemed on the 
later of (i) the later to occur of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable, at the Maturity Redemption Amount, and (ii) where the 
Credit Linked Notes early redeem in full, the Early Redemption Date, Optional 
Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
(iii) 
In order for the Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 10: 
(A) 
Upon receiving notification of the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event and 
a corresponding Notice of Physical Settlement from the Calculation Agent 
within thirty days from the Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall forward the relevant Credit Event Notice, the Notice of Physical 
Settlement and, if applicable, the Notice of Publicly Available Information to 
the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as practicable and, in any case, 
prior to the relevant Physical Redemption Date.  
(B) 
The Calculation Agent may, at any time, deliver to the Issuer a NOPS 
Amendment Notice stating that the Issuer would be replacing, in whole or in 
part, the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which such 
notice shall be sent to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices). 
(C) 
The relevant Noteholder shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (and where the 
relevant Credit Linked Note is in definitive form, to the Registrar), prior to 
3.00 p.m. (London) on the 10th Business Day following the date of effective 
delivery by the Fiscal Agent of the Notice of Physical Settlement to the 
Noteholders and, if relevant, any NOPS Amendment Notice, a duly 
completed notice in writing (a "Deliverable Obligation Notice"): 
(I) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Global 
Registered Note Certificate, specifying the Series number of the

--- Page 755 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
755 
 
Credit Linked Notes which is the subject of the Deliverable 
Obligation Notice; 
(II) 
including such details as are required for the transfer or assignment 
of the Physical Redemption Assets which may include, without 
limitation, (a) the name, address and/or details of the relevant 
Noteholder's 
(or 
the 
Noteholder's 
designee's) 
account 
at 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or DTC, as applicable (the 
"Relevant Clearing System"), to be debited with such Physical 
Redemption Assets and/or any bank, broker, agent or designee of the 
Noteholder to whom documents evidencing the transfer of Physical 
Redemption Assets to be delivered; and (b) irrevocably instructing 
and authorising the Relevant Clearing Systems to debit the relevant 
Noteholder's account to complete Delivery; 
(III) 
specifying the name and details of the account to which the Partial 
Cash Redemption Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption Amount 
(in each case, if any) is to be credited; 
(IV) 
containing an acknowledgment that an amount equal to each Credit 
Linked Note's pro rata share of all Unwind Costs, Delivery 
Expenses or Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount (in each case, if 
any) shall be deducted from the outstanding principal balance or Due 
and Payable Amount; 
(V) 
certifying, either (i) in respect of Credit Linked Notes represented by 
a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate, that the 
beneficial owner of each such Credit Linked Note is not a U.S. 
person (as defined in the Deliverable Obligation Notice), the Note is 
not being redeemed within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. 
person and no cash, notes or other property have been or will be 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, a U.S. person in connection with any redemption thereof; or (ii) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Registered Note Certificate, that the beneficial owner of each such 
Credit Linked Note is a QIB; 
(VI) 
authorising the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, as provided in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement; 
(VII) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are in definitive form, including the 
definitive Credit Linked Notes; 
(VIII) 
providing a Euroclear screenshot of each Noteholder's holdings; and 
(IX) 
containing a confirmation that the Credit Linked Notes will not be 
transferred until Delivery is completed, subject in any case to any 
transfer restrictions. 
(iv) 
Forms of the Deliverable Obligation Notice will be delivered to the Noteholders 
together with the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable.

--- Page 756 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
756 
 
(v) 
No Deliverable Obligation Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the 
Relevant Clearing System, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, as provided above. After delivery of a Deliverable Obligation Notice (i) such 
relevant Noteholder or its designee (on its behalf), as applicable, shall be the only 
person entitled to delivery of its portion of the Physical Redemption Assets, and as 
such (ii) the relevant Noteholder may not transfer the Credit Linked Notes which are 
the subject of such notice. 
(vi) 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Deliverable Obligation Notice may result in 
such notice being treated as null and void and deemed to not have been provided. Any 
determination as to whether such notice has been properly completed and delivered as 
provided in these Credit Linked Conditions shall be made by the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent, on the Issuer's behalf, and shall be conclusive and 
binding on the relevant Noteholder. 
(vii) 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and payment of the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) in 
respect of each Noteholder shall be made by the Issuer in accordance with the details 
specified in the applicable Deliverable Obligation Notice. 
(b) 
Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to this Credit Linked Condition 10(b), the Issuer may only Deliver the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
(ii) 
Until the date on which the Physical Redemption Assets have been fully Delivered, the 
Issuer or any other person (including the Issuer's Affiliates) will continue to be the 
legal holder of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption 
Assets. None of the Issuer nor any such other person will (A) be under any obligation 
to deliver or procure delivery to any Noteholder or any other person any letter, 
certificate, notice, circular or any other document or payment whatsoever received by 
the Issuer or that other person in its capacity as legal holder of such Deliverable 
Obligations, (B) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all 
rights (including voting rights) attaching to such Deliverable Obligations comprising 
the Physical Redemption Assets, (C) be under any liability to such Noteholder or any 
other person in respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder or other person 
may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or any 
other person being the legal holder of such Deliverable Obligations comprising the 
Physical Redemption Assets, or (D) have any liability whatsoever to any Noteholder 
or any other person if, as a result of a Payment/Delivery Failure Event or pursuant to 
any of Credit Linked Conditions 10(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of 
Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation) to 10(h) (Alternative 
Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) (both inclusive), it is unable to effect 
Delivery of any Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets 
and the obligations hereunder shall be satisfied by partial cash settlement or fallback 
cash redemption (if applicable) or shall cease, and be deemed to be fully discharged in 
accordance with the Credit Linked Conditions. 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that all or any part of the Physical Redemption 
Assets that would be required to be Delivered to a Noteholder is not a whole integral 
multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical Redemption Assets at 
the relevant time of Delivery, the Issuer will Deliver and such Noteholder will only be

--- Page 757 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
757 
 
entitled to receive such portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the 
Issuer which is as large a size as possible (as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
after consideration of such smallest unit or units of transfer and application of rounding 
to such amount, whether upwards or downwards to the nearest unit of transfer, in its 
sole discretion). Any portion of the Physical Redemption Assets not so delivered shall 
be deemed to have a value of zero and the Issuer's obligations to the Noteholders in 
respect of such portion shall be fully and effectively discharged. 
(c) 
Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Credit Linked Condition 10(a) (Delivery of 
Physical Redemption Assets), the Issuer may elect to Deliver to Noteholders Deliverable 
Obligations with an outstanding principal balance or a Due and Payable Amount, as applicable 
(or the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), that is (i) greater than, or (ii) less 
than, that which each Noteholder would otherwise have been entitled to receive by way of 
Physical Redemption Assets. 
If: 
(i) 
the Issuer exercises its election pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 10(c); or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Deliverable Obligations set out in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, cannot be 
Delivered due to an event (including, without limitation, any delay in settlement of any 
Applicable Auction) which results in the Issuer and/or its Affiliates not receiving the 
relevant Deliverable Obligations under its Hedging Positions (such obligations which 
cannot be Delivered, a "Hedge Disruption Obligation"), 
the Issuer may attempt to continue to Deliver without prejudice to the provisions set out in 
Credit Linked Condition 10(a) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) and the Calculation 
Agent may (but is not obliged to) after taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the 
trading price of any alternative Deliverable Obligation, provide notice to the Issuer (which shall 
be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to Noteholders) that alternative 
Deliverable Obligation(s) will be delivered in lieu of any other Deliverable Obligation specified 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, satisfying on 
the Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery Date, each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms and otherwise satisfying the 
requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation and such instrument shall be deemed 
specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice which will be effective notwithstanding the fact that 
it is deemed specified after the Physical Redemption Date). 
If no Delivery has been completed on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash 
redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and 
Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be 
Delivered and the Issuer shall pay to each Noteholder each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share 
of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For such 
purpose, the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be Delivered (including the Hedge Disruption 
Obligations) shall constitute an "Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" for the purposes of the 
application of Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback 
Cash Redemption Terms). 
(d) 
Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality

--- Page 758 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
758 
 
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, it is impossible or illegal for the Issuer to 
Deliver, or due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer it is impossible or illegal for any 
Noteholder to accept Delivery of, any of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, on the Physical 
Redemption Date (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due 
to any law, regulation or court order, but excluding market conditions or the failure to obtain 
any requisite consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans), then on or before such date: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall Deliver and the Noteholder shall take Delivery of any of the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, for which it is possible and legal to take Delivery; 
and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall provide a description in reasonable detail of the facts giving 
rise to such impossibility or illegality and, as soon as practicable thereafter, the Issuer 
shall Deliver and the Noteholder shall take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, which were not delivered on the Delivery Date. 
The date on which the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which were not Delivered and are subsequently 
Delivered shall be the date on which the Issuer is deemed to have completed Delivery of the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, relating to the Relevant Credit Event. 
If following the occurrence of any such impossibility or illegality, the amount of Deliverable 
Obligations that are to be Delivered as specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, are not delivered to the Noteholders on or prior to the 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then Cash Redemption in accordance with the 
partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms 
and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall apply with respect to the Deliverable Obligations 
that cannot be Delivered (the "Undeliverable Obligations"). 
(e) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, include Consent Required Loans that, due to the 
non-receipt of any requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, 
capable of being assigned or novated to the Noteholder or its designee, as applicable, 
and such consents are not obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
"Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
in the applicable Issue Terms, or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Issue Terms and the relevant 
participation is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall 
be deemed to apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations

--- Page 759 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
759 
 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that 
consist of Consent Required Loans for which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the 
"Undeliverable Loan Obligations"). 
(f) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, include Assignable Loans that, due to the non-
receipt of any requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of 
being assigned or novated to the Noteholder or its designee, as applicable, and such 
consents are not obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
"Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
in the applicable Issue Terms, or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Issue Terms and the relevant 
participation is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall 
be deemed to apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or last NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, 
that consist of Assignable Loans for which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the 
"Unassignable Obligations"). 
(g) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Participations 
If the Deliverable Obligations include Direct Loan Participations and the relevant participation 
is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption 
pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to apply to the 
Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of Direct Loan 
Participations in respect of which the relevant participation is not effected (the "Undeliverable 
Participations"). 
(h) 
Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered 
(i) 
If the Issuer has not Delivered any Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that are Loans on 
or prior to the date that is five Business Days after the relevant Physical Redemption 
Date (the "Alternative Procedure Start Date"), Credit Linked Condition 10(h)(ii) 
shall apply unless (A) "Reference Obligations Only" has been specified as the 
Deliverable Obligation Category in the applicable Issue Terms, (B) in the case of a 
Consent Required Loan, "Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (in which case Credit 
Linked Condition 10(e) (Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans) shall 
apply), (C) in the case of an Assignable Loan, "Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable 
Loans" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (in which case 
Credit Linked Condition 10(f) (Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans)) shall

--- Page 760 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
760 
 
apply), (D) in the case of a Direct Loan Participation, "Partial Cash Redemption of 
Participation" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (in which 
case Credit Linked Condition 10(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of Participations) shall 
apply) or (E) in any case, such failure to Deliver is due to an event described in Credit 
Linked Condition 10(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) 
(in which case Credit Linked Condition 10(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to 
Impossibility or Illegality) shall apply). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer has failed to obtain the requisite consents to Deliver a Loan specified in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, at 
any time after the 15th Business Day following the Alternative Procedure Start Date, 
the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) Deliver, in lieu of all or part of such Loan and 
after taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the trading price of any 
alternative Deliverable Obligation, any, subject to "Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Fully Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Conditionally Transferable Obligation", Bond that is Transferable and Not Bearer 
or Loan that is Assignable, and having on both the Physical Redemption Date and the 
Delivery Date each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics (other than Consent 
Required Loan or Direct Loan Participation), if any, specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and otherwise satisfying the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation 
(and such instrument shall be deemed specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, provided that if the March 2012 
Supplement applies, such instrument shall be deemed specified in a NOPS Amendment 
Notice that is effective on the date immediately prior to the most recent Business Day 
preceding such Delivery and in which the Replaced Deliverable Obligation 
Outstanding Amount shall be the Outstanding Amount of the replaced Loan). In the 
event that the Deliverable Obligations or other Deliverable Obligations to be delivered 
in lieu of all or part of such Loan are not Delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant 
to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Loans 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, or alternative Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent and the Issuer shall pay Noteholder each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of 
the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For 
such purpose, the Deliverable Obligations not Delivered shall constitute "Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligations" for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked 
Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption 
Terms). 
(i) 
Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms 
The following terms apply for the purposes of the partial cash redemption terms referred to in 
Credit Linked Conditions 10(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) to 
10(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) and for the purposes of the 
fallback cash redemption terms referred to in Credit Linked Condition 13(b) (Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event – failure to deliver): 
(i) 
If Cash Redemption is deemed to apply pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition, the 
Issuer shall pay in respect of the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets 
corresponding to the applicable Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation (each an 
"Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation") the Partial Cash Redemption Amount on

--- Page 761 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
761 
 
the Partial Cash Redemption Date, and in respect of the Physical Redemption Assets 
which cannot be delivered as described in Credit Linked Conditions 13(b) 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver), 10(c) (Election to deliver 
alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation) or 10(h) 
(Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) (each, an "Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligation"), the Issuer shall pay in respect of the portion of the Physical 
Redemption Assets corresponding to the applicable Undeliverable Deliverable 
Obligations, the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption 
Date (each as determined in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 10(i)); 
(ii) 
"Partial Cash Redemption Amount" means an aggregate amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of all Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations, 
representing in respect of each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal 
to the greater of (A) (I) the outstanding principal balance, the Due and Payable Amount 
or the Currency Amount, as applicable, of such Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, 
as the case may be, multiplied by (II) the Final Price with respect to such Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent (in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner), minus (III) Unwind Costs, if any (but 
excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the principal 
amount of the relevant Physical Redemption Assets to deliver) and (B) zero; 
(iii) 
"Partial Cash Redemption Date" and "Fallback Cash Redemption Date" means the 
date as selected by the Calculation Agent up to and including the date falling 10 
Business Days following the Final Price Determination Date; 
(iv) 
"Fallback Cash Redemption Amount" has the same meaning as set out in "Partial 
Cash Redemption Amount", provided that each reference therein to "Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligation" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation"; 
(v) 
"Reference Obligation" means, in respect of the determination of the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount, each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation and in respect of the 
determination of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount, each Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligation; 
(vi) 
"Valuation Date" means the date that is two Business Days after the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date; 
(vii) 
"Valuation Method" means Highest or, if fewer than two Full Quotations are 
obtained, Market Value; 
(viii) 
"Quotation Method" means Bid; 
(ix) 
"Quotation Amount" means, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the 
outstanding principal balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency which shall be converted by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates 
in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of 
such Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as 
applicable, as the case may be. The Calculation Agent may in its discretion, acting in 
a commercially reasonable manner, round up or down the Quotation Amount for the 
purposes of seeking a Quotation;

--- Page 762 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
762 
 
(x) 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or 
if no such time is specified, the time specified by the Calculation Agent, which shall 
be as close as reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for 
transactions in the Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation, as applicable, unless the Calculation Agent determines that the principal 
trading market for transactions in the Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, would be closed at such time or 
such transactions are not being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at 
such time, in which event the Valuation Time shall be such other time as may be 
specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market is open; 
(xi) 
"Market Value" means, with respect to an Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or 
an Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, on a Valuation Date, (A) if more 
than three Full Quotations are obtained the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the same highest and lowest values (and, if 
more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest and lowest value, then one 
of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (B) if exactly three 
Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the 
highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have 
the same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations 
shall be disregarded); (C) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic 
mean of such Full Quotations; (D) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained then, 
subject to sub-paragraph (B) of the definition of "Quotation" below, an amount that 
the Calculation Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more 
Full Quotations are obtained; and (E) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained 
on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the 
Valuation Date, the Market Value shall be any Full Quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no Full 
Quotation is obtained, the Market Value shall be determined as provided in limbs (B) 
to (D) of the definition of "Quotation" below; 
(xii) 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage with 
respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows:   
(A) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to 
each Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation 
Agent is unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the Valuation 
Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each 
Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant 
Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on 
the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the 
Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day, or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the Quotations shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(C) 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with the specification or 
determination made pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition;

--- Page 763 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
763 
 
(D) 
If any Quotation obtained with respect to an Accreting Obligation is 
expressed as a percentage of the amount payable in respect of such obligation 
at maturity, such Quotation will instead be expressed as a percentage of the 
outstanding principal balance (as defined in the definition of "Physical 
Redemption Assets") for purposes of determining the Final Price. 
(E) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market 
practice in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, 
Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation, Unassignable 
Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, whether such Quotations 
shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
11. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Redemption Amount 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Effect of DC Resolutions), unless previously redeemed 
in full or purchased and cancelled, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the applicable Issue Terms, then following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date and upon satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement, the 
Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note shall redeem in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 9 (Cash Redemption Terms), provided that: 
(i) 
the Final Price shall be deemed to be determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage and 
the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
shall be determined using such Fixed Recovery Percentage, as further set out in the 
definitions of "Cash Redemption Amount" and "Final Cash Redemption Amount" in 
Credit Linked Condition 21 (Definitions); 
(ii) 
the "Final Price Determination Date" shall be the date on which the Final Price is 
deemed to be determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage; and 
(iii) 
Single Valuation Date will be deemed to have been specified as the applicable 
Valuation Date on which the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, shall be determined. 
(b) 
Fixed Recovery Percentage of zero 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the occurrence of the relevant Cash Redemption Date or Final Cash 
Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, the loss amount will be deemed to be 100 per 
cent. and, accordingly, no amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Noteholders. 
The Noteholders will bear the loss of their principal with respect to such proportion of the 
Credit Linked Notes impacted by the Credit Event and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
12. 
Redemption upon Merger Event 
If "Redemption following Merger" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in the event that the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent determines, in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may

--- Page 764 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
764 
 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices) and 
redeem each Credit Linked Note in full or in part on the Early Redemption Date at the Merger 
Redemption Amount (provided that if nothing is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
"Redemption following Merger" shall apply). 
13. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event 
This Credit Linked Condition shall not apply where an Underlying RMB Currency Event has 
occurred (in which case, General Condition 6(i) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency 
Event) shall apply). 
(a) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (a) of such definition has 
occurred and exists, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13(c) (No additional interest) below, 
the obligation of the Issuer to pay the relevant amount will be postponed until such time that the 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event no longer exists or is cured (including, without limitation, 
where the Noteholder requests the Issuer in writing to make payment of such amount to such 
other account or to such other person as the Noteholder specifies and represents to the Issuer 
that such payment to its designee will discharge the Issuer's obligations to the Noteholder in 
respect of such payment). Where such postponement applies, the Issuer shall give notice of such 
postponement to the Noteholders ("Payment Failure Event Notice") as soon as reasonably 
practicable in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, if the Issuer 
determines (in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) that such 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist for such number of Business Days specified 
in the Issue Terms or, if no number of Business Days is specified in the Issue Terms, 90 Business 
Days following the later to occur of (a) any scheduled payment date or the (b) Scheduled 
Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable (the "Payment Failure Cut-Off Date") 
in respect of an amount required to be paid (including where the Noteholder has not elected for 
payment to be made to a third party or other account (if applicable) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 13(c) (No additional interest) below, no such payment will be made by the 
Issuer and the Issuer's obligations to the Noteholder hereunder will be deemed to be fully 
discharged as of that date. 
(b) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (b) of such definition has 
occurred, the obligations of the Issuer to procure Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets 
to such Noteholder shall, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 10(a) (Delivery of Physical 
Redemption Assets) and 14(d) (Redemption Suspension) cease and if "Fallback Cash 
Redemption" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, Cash Redemption shall be 
deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with 
respect to the Physical Redemption Assets that cannot be Delivered on or prior to the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date and the Issuer shall pay each Noteholder each Credit 
Linked Note's pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date. For such purpose, the Physical Redemption Assets shall constitute an 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligations" for the purposes of application of Credit Linked 
Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms).

--- Page 765 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
765 
 
If "Fallback Cash Redemption" is not specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms and if 
such Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist on the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, the Issuer shall have no further liability or obligation whatsoever in respect of 
such Credit Linked Note and no obligation to deliver the Physical Redemption Assets on or 
after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. However, if the Payment/Delivery Failure 
Event ceases to exist or is cured prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the 
obligation of the Issuer to Deliver the Physical Redemption Assets will be postponed to a date 
determined by the Issuer to be no later than 10 Business Days following the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date (the "Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date"). 
(c) 
No additional interest 
Any postponement or deemed discharge of payment pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 
13 will not constitute a default hereunder (including for the purpose of the definition of "Events 
of Default") and will not entitle the relevant Noteholder to any additional interest or other 
payment as a result thereof. 
14. 
Effect of DC Resolutions 
(a) 
Binding nature 
Any DC Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
binding with respect to the relevant Credit Linked Notes in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
(b) 
Event Determination Dates 
(i) 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent 
A Relevant Event Determination Date which is determined by the Calculation Agent 
to apply to the Credit Linked Notes will be binding with respect to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes. 
(ii) 
Reversal of DC Credit Event Announcement 
If a prior DC Resolution or the occurrence of an Event Determination Date is 
subsequently reversed prior to the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date, a 
Physical Redemption Date, redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in full, a Valuation 
Date or a Delivery Date, a Credit Event shall be deemed not to have occurred with 
respect to the relevant Reference Entity for the purposes of these Credit Linked 
Conditions.  
(iii) 
Multiple successor determinations 
Where multiple successors have been determined in respect of a Reference Entity in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor Provisions), an Event 
Determination Date may occur in respect of each successor Reference Entity. 
(c) 
Determinations in respect of Successors and Substitute Reference Obligations 
If a DC Resolution relating to Successors or Substitute Reference Obligations is subsequently 
reversed after the identification of a Successor or a Substitute Reference Obligation by the

--- Page 766 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
766 
 
Calculation Agent, such prior DC Resolution shall be disregarded for the purposes of these 
Credit Linked Conditions. 
(d) 
Redemption Suspension 
If, following the determination of a Relevant Event Determination Date but prior to the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date, Delivery Date or, to the extent applicable, a Valuation Date in 
respect of a Reference Entity, ISDA publicly announces that the conditions to convening a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve the matters described in the relevant 
CE Resolution Notice are satisfied in accordance with the Rules, all timing requirements in 
these Credit Linked Conditions that pertain to redemption shall toll and remain suspended until 
such time as ISDA subsequently publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved (a) the matters described in such CE Resolution Notice 
or (b) not to determine such matters. During such suspension period, the Issuer is not obliged to 
take any action in connection with the settlement of such Credit Event or the redemption, if any, 
of the Credit Linked Notes. Once ISDA has publicly announced that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved (a) the matters described in the CE 
Resolution Notice or (b) not to determine such matters, the relevant timing requirements that 
pertain to redemption that have previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the 
Business Day following such public announcement by ISDA with the Issuer having the benefit 
of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. The Issuer shall deliver, 
or cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, a notice (a "Redemption Suspension Notice") in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices) to the Noteholders giving notice of any 
suspension of timing requirements pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 14. 
15. 
Successor Provisions 
(a) 
Successor Determinations 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable 
after it becomes aware of the relevant Succession Event (but no earlier than 14 calendar days 
after the legally effective date of such Succession Event), and with effect from the legally 
effective date of the Succession Event, whether the relevant thresholds set forth in the definition 
of "Successor" have been met, or which entity qualifies as a Successor pursuant to paragraph 
(f) of the definition thereof, as applicable, provided that the Calculation Agent will not make 
such determination if, at such time, either: 
(i) 
ISDA has publicly announced that the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to Resolve the matters described in the definition of 
"Successor" and paragraphs (a) or (b)(ii) of the definition of "Succession Event 
Resolution Request Date" are satisfied in accordance with the Rules (until such time, 
if any, as ISDA subsequently publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine a Successor); or  
(ii) 
ISDA has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that no event constituting a Succession Event for the purposes 
of the Credit Linked Conditions has occurred.  
In calculating the percentages used to determine whether the relevant thresholds set forth in the 
definition of "Successor" have been met, or which entity qualifies as a Successor pursuant to 
paragraph (f) of the definition thereof, as applicable, the Calculation Agent shall use, with 
respect to each applicable Relevant Obligation included in such calculation, the amount of the

--- Page 767 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
767 
 
liability with respect to such Relevant Obligation listed in the Best Available Information and 
shall notify the Issuer and Fiscal Agent of such calculation. 
(b) 
Substitute Reference Obligations following a Succession Event 
Where a Reference Obligation has been specified, one or more Successors to the Reference 
Entity have been identified and any one or more such Successors have not assumed the 
Reference Obligation, a Substitute Reference Obligation will be determined in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 17 (Substitute Reference Obligation). 
(c) 
Transaction Types of Successor Reference Entities 
If the Transaction Type applicable to a Successor differs from the Transaction Type of the 
Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has been identified, notwithstanding such 
difference, the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has 
been identified shall continue to apply to the Successor. 
(d) 
Single Successor 
Where the Calculation Agent determines that there is a single Successor in respect of a 
Reference Entity, such Successor shall be a Reference Entity for the purpose of the Notes (and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has been 
identified shall cease to be a Reference Entity unless it has also been identified as a Successor). 
(e) 
Multiple Successors 
(i) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes and following a 
Succession Event in respect of a Reference Entity (such Reference Entity affected by 
a succession being a "Single Name Succession Reference Entity"), more than one 
Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes will be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the following 
terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any 
outstanding nominal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in 
relation to each Successor: 
(A) 
the Single Name Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a "Single Name Successor 
Entity") and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Event Determination Date 
(and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Credit Event) may occur in respect 
of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes but, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 7 (Restructuring), once only in relation to each Successor; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date occurs in respect of a Single Name Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole, but 
instead the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions 
shall be deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such

--- Page 768 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
768 
 
Single Name Successor Entity only after the apportionment 
described above (the "Single Name Partial Nominal Amount"); 
(II) 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed 
in part in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3(f)(i) (Auction 
Redemption), (ii) (Cash Redemption), (iii) (Physical Redemption) or 
(iv) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed 
part being equal to a Noteholder's pro rata share of the Single Name 
Partial Nominal Amount (provided that if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the 
Final Auction Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date, as 
applicable)); and 
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be 
construed accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
interpretation in respect of a Restructuring). 
Following the occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event, the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with 
these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the 
identification of more than one Successor, considered in the aggregate); 
(D) 
if some but not all of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in accordance with General Condition 5 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes; and 
(E) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 15(e)(i) shall apply in respect 
of any identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(f) 
Exchange Offer 
The determinations required pursuant to the definition of "Successor" shall be made, in the case 
of an exchange offer, on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations 
tendered and accepted in the exchange and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance 
of Bonds for which the Relevant Obligations have been exchanged. 
(g) 
Sovereign 
With respect to a Sovereign Reference Entity, "Successor" means each entity which becomes a 
direct or indirect successor to such Reference Entity by way of Succession Event, irrespective 
of whether any such successor assumes any of the obligations of such Reference Entity. Where 
the March 2012 Supplement applies, notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that "Revenue 
Obligation Liability" is specified as an Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, "Successor" shall mean an entity or public official that (i) succeeds to the 
principal functions of, or powers and duties granted to, the Reference Entity with respect to the

--- Page 769 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
769 
 
project, program or other enterprise from which revenues are derived for the payment, in whole 
or in part, of the Reference Obligation, and (ii) assumes the Reference Obligation. 
16. 
Deliverable Obligations 
(a) 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
If (i) each of "Physical Redemption" and "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully 
Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies and (ii) "Restructuring is the only Credit Event 
specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by the Calculation Agent, then, a Deliverable 
Obligation may be specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date 
not later than the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. 
(b) 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
(i) 
If (A) each of "Physical Redemption" and "Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies and (B) 
Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by 
Issuer, then a Deliverable Obligation may be specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, if it (x) is a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation and (y) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. 
(ii) 
Where each of "Physical Redemption" and "Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" applies and a Deliverable 
Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement (or in any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, if applicable) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation with respect to which 
consent is required to novate, assign or transfer, then if the requisite consent is refused 
(whether or not a reason is given for such refusal and, where a reason is given for such 
refusal, regardless of that reason), or is not received by the Physical Redemption Date 
(in which case it shall be deemed to have been refused), the Calculation Agent shall 
inform the Issuer. The Issuer shall promptly notify the Fiscal Agent (for onward 
notification to the Noteholder) of such refusal (or deemed refusal). If a Noteholder (x) 
does not designate a third party; (y) designates a third party in circumstances where it 
will be illegal due to any applicable law or regulation for the designee to take Delivery 
or such Delivery would give rise to any tax or any loss or cost to the Issuer; or (z) a 
Noteholder does not take Delivery on or prior to the Physical Redemption Date, then 
Credit Linked Condition 10(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not 
Delivered) may be applied by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Multiple Holder Obligation 
If "Multiple Holder Obligation" applies, then none of the events described in sub-paragraphs (a) 
to (e) of the definition of "Restructuring" shall constitute a Restructuring unless the Obligation 
is a Multiple Holder Obligation, where "Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation 
that (A) at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more 
than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and (B) with respect to which a percentage 
of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such 
event) at least equal to sixty-six-and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which 
constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event (provided that sub-paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be 
satisfied where the Obligation is a Bond).

--- Page 770 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
770 
 
17. 
Substitute Reference Obligation 
(a) 
Substitution events 
In the event that the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
a Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole (or, where the March 2012 Supplement 
applies, a Reference Obligation is redeemed or defeased in whole in accordance with 
its terms); 
(ii) 
the aggregate amounts due under any Reference Obligation have been materially 
reduced by redemption or otherwise (other than due to any scheduled redemption, 
amortization or prepayments); 
(iii) 
any Reference Obligation is an Underlying Obligation with a Qualifying Guarantee of 
a Reference Entity and, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, 
the Qualifying Guarantee is no longer a valid and binding obligation of such Reference 
Entity enforceable in accordance with its terms; or 
(iv) 
for any other reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, 
any Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of a Reference Entity, 
the Calculation Agent may identify one or more Obligations to replace such Reference 
Obligation. 
(b) 
Eligible substitution 
Any Substitute Reference Obligation(s) shall be an Obligation that: 
(i) 
ranks pari passu in priority of payment with the ranking in priority of payment of each 
of the Substitute Reference Obligation and such Reference Obligation (with the 
ranking in priority of payment of such Reference Obligation being determined as of 
the date as of which such Reference Obligation was issued or incurred and not 
reflecting any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date) (or, where 
the March 2012 Supplement applies, satisfies the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic); 
(ii) 
preserves the economic equivalent, as closely as practicable as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, of the delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer;  
(iii) 
is an obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Qualifying 
Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as provider of a Qualifying Guarantee); and 
(iv) 
where the March 2012 Supplement applies, is a Full Faith and Credit Obligation 
Liability (if Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability is specified as an Obligation 
Characteristic in the applicable Issue Terms), is a General Fund Obligation Liability 
(if General Fund Obligation Liability is specified as an Obligation Characteristic in the 
applicable Issue Terms), or is a Revenue Obligation Liability (if Revenue Obligation 
Liability is specified as an Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Issue Terms). 
The Substitute Reference Obligation(s) determined by the Calculation Agent shall, without 
further action, replace such Reference Obligation(s).

--- Page 771 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
771 
 
(c) 
Process of substitution 
(i) 
If more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation 
in the applicable Issue Terms, any of the events specified in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(a) (Substitution events) has occurred with respect to one or more but not 
all of the Reference Obligations, and the Calculation Agent determines that no 
Substitute Reference Obligation is available for one or more of such Reference 
Obligations, then each Reference Obligation for which no Substitute Reference 
Obligation is available will cease to be a Reference Obligation.  
(ii) 
If more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation 
in the applicable Issue Terms, any of the events specified in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(a) (Substitution events) has occurred with respect to all of the Reference 
Obligations, and the Calculation Agent determines that at least one Substitute 
Reference Obligation is available for any such Reference Obligation, then each such 
Reference Obligation shall be replaced by a Substitute Reference Obligation and each 
Reference Obligation for which no Substitute Reference Obligation is available will 
cease to be a Reference Obligation. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of the identification of a Reference Obligation, any change in the 
Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in 
and of itself, convert such Reference Obligation into a different Obligation. 
(d) 
Redemption following no substitution 
(i) 
If any of the events specified in Credit Linked Condition 17(a) (Substitution events) 
has occurred with respect to each specific Reference Obligation(s) identified as a 
Reference Obligation in the applicable Issue Terms, and the Calculation Agent 
determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for any of the 
Reference Obligations, then the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify 
a Substitute Reference Obligation until the Extension Date. 
(ii) 
If (A) either "Cash Redemption" applies and the Cash Redemption Amount is 
determined by reference to a Reference Obligation or either "Auction Redemption" or 
"Physical Redemption" applies and in each case the Reference Obligation is the only 
Deliverable Obligation and (B) on or prior to the Extension Date (determined by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in 
the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)), a Substitute Reference Obligation has not 
been identified, the Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed in full or in part at the 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount. The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Fiscal 
Agent to deliver, a notice in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices) to 
the Noteholders stating the occurrence of such substitution event and setting out the 
date on which the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in full or in part, which shall 
be a date not earlier than the relevant Substitution Event Date. 
18. 
Calculation Agent Determination 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, amongst other things: 
(i) 
determining a Successor or Successors and making any other determinations required 
to be made under Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor Provisions);

--- Page 772 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
772 
 
(ii) 
determining whether (A) the aggregate amounts due under any Reference Obligation 
have been materially reduced by redemption or otherwise (other than due to any 
scheduled redemption, amortisation or prepayments), (B) any Reference Obligation is 
an Underlying Obligation with a Qualifying Guarantee of a Reference Entity and, other 
than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Qualifying Guarantee is 
no longer a valid and binding Obligation of such Reference Entity enforceable in 
accordance with its terms, or (C) for any reason other than as described in (A) or (B) 
above and other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, any 
Reference Obligation is no longer an Obligation of a Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
identifying and determining a Substitute Reference Obligation; 
(iv) 
in the event that multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to a Restructuring Credit 
Event are delivered pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 7 (Restructuring), making 
any modifications required pursuant to that Credit Linked Condition; 
(v) 
following the occurrence of a Restructuring, determining the Exercise Amount of 
Credit Linked Notes to which such Restructuring applies; 
(vi) 
obtaining Quotations (and, if necessary, determining whether such Quotations shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest) and determining the Final Price in 
accordance with the applicable Valuation Method; 
(vii) 
converting the Quotation Amount into the relevant Obligation Currency; 
(viii) 
determining the Quotation Dealers (where none have been specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) and substituting Quotation Dealers; 
(ix) 
determining the Currency Rate; 
(x) 
determining the number of Business Days in each Physical Settlement Period; 
(xi) 
determining the outstanding principal balance or Due and Payable Amount of the 
Deliverable Obligations to be included in the Physical Redemption Assets; 
(xii) 
determining the Accreted Amount of any Accreting Obligation; 
(xiii) 
determining any adjustment payment pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 5 (Event 
Determination Dates and Adjustment Payments);  
(xiv) 
determining whether the outstanding principal balance of the Valuation Obligation 
shall include or exclude accrued interest and if "Include Accrued Interest" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms with respect to Deliverable Obligations, determining 
accrued but unpaid interest;  
(xv) 
determining whether a Merger Event or Substitution Event Date has occurred; and 
(xvi) 
interpreting any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms). 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after making any of the determinations 
specified in Credit Linked Condition 18(a)(i) to (xvi) notify the Issuer of such determination.

--- Page 773 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
773 
 
(c) 
If any of the matters set out in this Credit Linked Condition 18 are decided and/or determined 
by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the Calculation Agent may follow such 
decision or determination to the extent such decision and/or determination is applicable to any 
Credit Linked Notes. In certain circumstances, the Calculation Agent shall be required to follow 
the decisions or determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or 
determinations made by the Calculation Agent may be overridden by subsequent determinations 
made by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time, without obtaining the consent of the Noteholders, 
amend any provision of these Credit Linked Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms in any 
manner which the Calculation Agent determines (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) 
is necessary or desirable (i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or alternative documents or 
protocols from time to time published by ISDA with respect to the documentation or redemption 
of Credit Linked Notes and/or (y) the operation or application of determinations by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees and/or (ii) to account for market practice to be reflected 
in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Any amendment made in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 18 shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 (Notices). 
19. 
Notices 
(a) 
Interpretation 
References in these Credit Linked Conditions to a notice being delivered in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices) shall include such Condition as amended by the terms of any 
Global Registered Note Certificate representing the Credit Linked Notes. 
(b) 
Notices required to be delivered 
The Issuer shall deliver, or may cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, notice to the Noteholders of 
the following, in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 19, to the extent required to be 
delivered pursuant to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information; 
(ii) 
a Notice of Physical Settlement and, if applicable, any NOPS Amendment Notice; 
(iii) 
a Successor Notice (provided that no Successor Notice shall be required following a 
determination by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that a Successor has 
been identified); 
(iv) 
the designation of any Substitute Reference Obligation (provided that (A) no such 
notice shall be required following a determination by a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee of a Substitute Reference Obligation has occurred and (B) 
that the failure of the Issuer to deliver a notice to the Noteholders pursuant to this Credit 
Linked Condition 19 shall not affect the effectiveness of any designation of such 
Substitute Reference Obligation by the Calculation Agent (such designation to be in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions)); 
(v) 
a notice detailing the suspension of payment of interest pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked Notes);

--- Page 774 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
774 
 
(vi) 
a notice detailing any adjustment payments required to be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 5 (Event Determination Dates and Adjustment Payments) 
(vii) 
following the determination of the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject 
to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 9 (Cash Redemption Terms), the Cash 
Redemption Amount Notice; 
(viii) 
following the determination of the Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject 
to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 8 (Auction Redemption Terms), the 
Auction Redemption Amount Notice; 
(ix) 
a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice; 
(x) 
a Redemption Suspension Notice; or 
(xi) 
a Payment Failure Event Notice. 
(c) 
Effectiveness of Notices 
(i) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 19, any notice required to be delivered 
by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions shall 
be deemed to have been delivered to Noteholders upon delivery of such notice to the 
Fiscal Agent by the Issuer (upon receipt of such notice from the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable). The failure of the Fiscal Agent to deliver any such notice to Noteholders 
shall not affect (x) the effectiveness of any notice delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer and/or by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, (y) the effectiveness of any 
determinations made by any of them or (iii) the right of the Issuer to redeem (in whole 
or in part) the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to and in accordance with the relevant 
Credit Linked Condition. In addition, the failure of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
or the Fiscal Agent to deliver any notice or any decision by any of them to not deliver 
a Credit Event Notice shall not constitute an Event of Default under the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 19, a notice delivered by the Issuer to 
the Fiscal Agent on or prior to 3.00 p.m. (London time) on an Issuer Business Day will 
be effective on such Issuer Business Day. A notice delivered after 3.00 p.m. (London 
time) on an Issuer Business Day will be deemed effective on the next following Issuer 
Business Day, regardless of the form in which it is delivered. 
(iii) 
Other than as specified herein, Clauses 23 (Communications) and 24 (Notices) of the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement shall apply to any relevant communications and notices 
delivered in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions. 
20. 
Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
(a) 
If the Obligation Characteristic "Listed" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
applicable Issue Terms shall be construed as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had 
been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds and shall only be 
relevant if Bonds are covered by the selected Obligation Category;

--- Page 775 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
775 
 
(b) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Bearer" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall be construed as though such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Bonds and shall only be relevant if Bonds are covered by the 
selected Deliverable Obligation Category; (ii) the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
"Transferable" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, such Issue Terms shall be construed 
as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans (and 
shall only be relevant to the extent that obligations other than Loans are covered by the selected 
Deliverable Obligation Category); or (iii) any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
"Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, such Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only 
with respect to Loans and shall only be relevant if Loans are covered by the selected Deliverable 
Obligation Category; and 
(c) 
If any of "Payment", "Borrowed Money", Loan or Bond or Loan is specified as the Deliverable 
Obligation Category and more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and 
"Direct Loan Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any 
one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
(d) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Qualifying Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same 
category or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Qualifying Guarantee and the Underlying 
Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms from the following list: "Not Subordinated", "Specified 
Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic 
Law". For these purposes, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(A) the lawful currency of any of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or 
the United States of America or the euro shall not be a Domestic Currency and (B) the 
laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not be a Domestic Law. 
(iii) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms from the following list: 
"Listed", "Not Contingent", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", 
"Accelerated" or "Matured" and "Not Bearer";  
(iv) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor; and

--- Page 776 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
776 
 
(v) 
the terms "outstanding principal balance" and "Due and Payable Amount", when used 
in connection with Qualifying Guarantees are to be interpreted to be the then 
"outstanding principal balance" or "Due and Payable Amount", as applicable, of the 
Underlying Obligation which is supported by a Qualifying Guarantee. 
21. 
Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Credit Linked Notes should be read in conjunction 
with the Credit Linked Conditions. Where terms are used but not defined in these Credit Linked 
Conditions, they will have the meaning given to them elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions. 
"2005 Matrix Supplement" means the 2005 Matrix Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA on 7 March 2005. 
"Accreted Amount" means, with respect to an Accreting Obligation, an amount equal to: 
(a) 
the sum of (i) the original issue price of such obligation and (ii) the portion of the 
amount payable at maturity that has accreted in accordance with the terms of the 
obligation (or as otherwise described below); less 
(b) 
any cash payments made by the obligor thereunder that, under the terms of such 
obligation, reduce the amount payable at maturity (unless such cash payments have 
been accounted for in paragraph (a)(ii) above), 
in each case calculated as of the earlier of (x) the date on which any event occurs that has the 
effect of fixing the amount of a claim in respect of principal and (y) the Delivery Date or 
applicable Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
Such Accreted Amount shall include any accrued and unpaid periodic cash interest payments 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) only if "Include Accrued Interest" applies. 
If an Accreting Obligation is expressed to accrete pursuant to a straight-line method or if such 
Obligation's yield to maturity is not specified in, nor implied from, the terms of such Obligation 
(or, where the March 2012 Supplement applies, if the terms of such Obligation do not express 
any method of accretion), then, for purposes of paragraph (a)(ii) above, the Accreted Amount 
shall be calculated using a rate equal to the yield to maturity of such Obligation. Such yield shall 
be determined on a semi-annual bond equivalent basis using the original issue price of such 
obligation and the amount payable at the scheduled maturity of such obligation, and shall be 
determined as of the earlier of (x) the date on which any event occurs that has the effect of fixing 
the amount of a claim in respect of principal and (y) the Delivery Date or applicable Valuation 
Date, as the case may be. The Accreted Amount shall exclude, in the case of an Exchangeable 
Obligation, any amount that may be payable under the terms of such obligation in respect of the 
value of the Equity Securities for which such obligation is exchangeable. 
"Accreting Obligation" means any obligation (including, without limitation, a Convertible 
Obligation or an Exchangeable Obligation), the terms of which expressly provide for an amount 
payable upon acceleration equal to the original issue price (whether or not equal to the face 
amount thereof) plus an additional amount or amounts (on account of original issue discount or 
other accruals of interest or principal not payable on a periodic basis) that will or may accrete, 
whether or not (a) payment of such additional amounts is subject to a contingency or determined 
by reference to a formula or index, or (b) periodic cash interest is also payable, provided that 
where the March 2012 Supplement applies, "Accreting Obligation" means any obligation with 
an original issue price that is less than 95 per cent..

--- Page 777 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
777 
 
"Alternative Procedure Start Date" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 10(h)(i) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered). 
"Applicable Auction" means an Auction which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant 
to a Relevant Credit Event with respect to a relevant Reference Entity where the Deliverable 
Obligations set out on the Final List or the Deliverable Obligation Terms meet the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may 
take into account without limitation (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and 
Reference Entity, whether the Credit Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the 
seniority of the transactions covered by such auction, whether a representative credit derivative 
transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the Credit Linked 
Notes would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an "Event Determination Date" 
were deemed to occur), if the Auction relates to a Restructuring, whether the designated ranges 
of scheduled termination dates covered by the auction would cover such representative credit 
derivative transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Note and any connected DC 
Resolution and/or statement associated with such announcement. and (b) any Hedging Positions 
the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that may 
impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked 
Notes).  
"Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means with respect to a relevant 
Reference Entity, a Credit Event and an Applicable Auction, the Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms (if any) which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit 
Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without 
limitation (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the 
Credit Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the seniority of the transactions covered 
by such auction, the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List, whether a representative 
credit derivative transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the 
Credit Linked Notes would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an "Event 
Determination Date" were deemed to occur), whether the Deliverable Obligation Terms meet 
the Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes and, if the Auction relates to 
a Restructuring, whether the designated ranges of scheduled termination dates covered by the 
auction would cover such representative credit derivative transaction with the same tenor as the 
Credit Linked Notes and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated with such 
auction settlement terms) and (b) any Hedging Positions that the Issuer has entered or may enter 
into in connection with the Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or 
calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
practicable after the relevant Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are 
published, notify the Issuer that Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms have 
been published with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit Event. 
Copies of the Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are made available by 
ISDA at its website (www.isda.org) or any successor website). 
"Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement" means a DC Credit Event Announcement 
which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which 
purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the applicable Credit Event, 
Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to interpretation 
under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation resulting in a credit 
event, the date the credit event occurred, the reference obligations in question and any connected 
DC Resolution (including in respect of the determination of a Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date) and/or statement associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that 
the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes).

--- Page 778 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
778 
 
"Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement" means a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes 
(for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) 
applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation 
resulting in a credit event, the date the credit event occurred, the reference obligations in 
question and any connected DC Resolutions and/or statements associated with such 
announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in 
connection with the Credit Linked Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any 
determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). 
"Applicable Proportion" means (subject to the relevant provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Successor Provisions)), in respect of a Relevant Credit Event and a Single Name 
Credit Linked Note, the product of: 
(a) 
the Specified Denomination of each Single Name Credit Linked Note; and 
(b) 
if the Relevant Credit Event: 
(i) 
is not a Restructuring, 100 per cent.; or 
(ii) 
is a Restructuring, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the 
Exercise Amount specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the 
relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, divided by (y) the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Applicable Resolution" means a DC Resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable 
question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of 
the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, 
the reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement 
associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered or 
may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
"Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means, with respect to a relevant 
Reference Entity and a Credit Event, the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
which the Calculation Agent determines constitute Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Auction" means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit Event, 
unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, an auction 
pursuant to which an Auction Final Price is to be determined in accordance with the auction 
procedure set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" means, with respect to an Auction, unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the date on which such Auction 
was deemed to have been cancelled as announced by ISDA (and/or the administrators specified 
in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms) on its website or such other date 
as determined and announced in accordance with the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms.

--- Page 779 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
779 
 
"Auction Final Price" means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the price (expressed as a 
percentage) in respect of the deliverable obligations which would constitute Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or Deliverable Obligation(s) under the Credit Linked Notes. The Auction 
Final Price with respect to a Reference Entity and a related Credit Event can be obtained at the 
auction 
administrator's 
website 
at 
http://www.creditfixings.com/CreditEventAuctions/fixings.jsp or any successor website. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, the 
day, if any, on which the Auction Final Price is determined or such other date as specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(B) 
the Auction Final Price; minus 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any. 
"Auction Redemption Amount Notice" means a notice in writing specifying the Auction 
Redemption Amount relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final Auction 
Redemption Amount, including the Auction Final Price and the Unwind Costs, if any. 
"Auction Redemption Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business 
Days) following the date on which the Issuer delivers the Auction Redemption Amount Notice 
to the Fiscal Agent. 
"Bankruptcy" means a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts 
as they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition:

--- Page 780 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
780 
 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 
calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for 
all or substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within 30 calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) 
to (g) of this definition. 
"Best Available Information" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Reference Entity which files information with its primary securities 
regulator or primary stock exchange that includes unconsolidated, pro forma financial 
information which assumes that the relevant Succession Event has occurred or which 
provides such information to its shareholders, creditors or other persons whose 
approval of the Succession Event is required, that unconsolidated, pro forma financial 
information and, if provided subsequently to the provision of unconsolidated, pro 
forma financial information but before the Calculation Agent makes its determination 
for the purposes of Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor Provisions), other relevant 
information that is contained in any written communication provided by the Reference 
Entity to its primary securities regulator, primary stock exchange, shareholders, 
creditors or other persons whose approval of the Succession Event is required; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Reference Entity which does not file with its primary securities 
regulators or primary stock exchange, and which does not provide to shareholders, 
creditors or other persons whose approval of the Succession Event is required, the 
information contemplated in paragraph (a) above, the best publicly available 
information at the disposal of the Calculation Agent to allow it to make a determination 
for the purposes of Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor Provisions). 
Information which is made available more than 14 calendar days after the legally effective date 
of the Succession Event shall not constitute Best Available Information. 
"Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and

--- Page 781 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
781 
 
(b) 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(B) 
(I) the Final Price or (II) where "Fixed Recovery Redemption" is 
applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage; minus 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any. 
"Cash Redemption Amount Notice" means a notice in writing specifying the Cash 
Redemption Amount relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final Cash 
Redemption Amount, including the Final Price and Unwind Costs, if any, together with (i) the 
Valuation Obligation(s) which were the subject of the Quotation, (ii) the Valuation Date, (iii) 
the Quotation Amount, (iv) each such Quotation that it received in connection with the 
calculation of the Final Price and (v) a written computation showing such calculation. 
"Cash Redemption Date" means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business 
Days) following the date on which the Issuer delivers the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to 
the Fiscal Agent.  
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation 
other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent 
of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing 
such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or transfer, 
so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent may not be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment 
or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, administrative agent, clearing 
agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement 
for consent for the purposes of this definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation". For 
purposes of determining whether a Deliverable Obligation satisfies the requirements of this 
definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation", such determination shall be made as of 
the Delivery Date for the Deliverable Obligation, taking into account only the terms of the 
Deliverable Obligation and any related transfer or consent documents which have been obtained 
by the Issuer. 
The "Conditions to Settlement" shall be deemed to be satisfied by the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date to the extent that such Event Determination Date is not subsequently 
reversed prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, a Physical 
Redemption Date (or, if earlier, a Delivery Date) or the Extended Maturity Date, unless 
"Physical Redemption" applies, in which case all of the Conditions to Settlement shall be 
deemed to be satisfied by the Notice of Physical Settlement Condition to Settlement on or 
following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date. 
"Convertible Obligation" means any obligation that is convertible, in whole or in part, into 
Equity Securities solely at the option of holders of such obligation or a trustee or similar agent 
acting for the benefit only of holders of such obligation (or the cash equivalent thereof, whether

--- Page 782 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
782 
 
the cash settlement option is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders of such 
obligation). 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms published by ISDA, in accordance with the Rules, a form of which will be 
published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time 
to time and may be amended from time to time in accordance with the Rules. The Calculation 
Agent shall be authorised to construe any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
(including any Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms) in 
such manner as it shall determine in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
to be necessary in order to give effect to the meaning of any word or expression used herein 
which is defined by reference to such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA and as supplemented by the 2005 Matrix Supplement, the March 2009 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions and the July 2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees, Auction Settlement and Restricting Supplement to the 2003 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" means the committees established by 
ISDA for the purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions, as more fully described in the Rules.  
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following Credit Events as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation 
Default, Repudiation/Moratorium or Restructuring. If an occurrence would otherwise constitute 
a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not such occurrence 
arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant Reference Entity to 
enter into any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any 
Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with 
respect to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however 
described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however 
described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described. 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be the Trade Date, the Issue Date or a number of days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or, with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in sub-paragraph (b) of the

--- Page 783 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
783 
 
definition thereof), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days 
prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
the first date on which both the Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, the 
Notice of Publicly Available Information are delivered by a notifying party 
to the other party and are effective during the Notice Delivery Period; and  
(ii) 
in circumstances where (A) the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to Resolve the matters described in the CE 
Resolution Notice are satisfied in accordance with the Rules, (B) the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine 
such matters and (C) the Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, the Notice of 
Publicly Available Information are delivered by a notifying party to the other 
party and are effective not more than 14 calendar days after the day on which 
ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine such matters, the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention.  
"Credit Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, which the Calculation Agent has 
the right (but not the obligation) to deliver, which: 
(a) 
identifies the Series of Credit Linked Notes to which the Credit Event Notice relates; 
(b) 
states the Calculation Agent's intention for the Issuer to redeem the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes by the Applicable Proportion thereof, in accordance with the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Method and the applicable Fallback Redemption Method; 
and 
(c) 
describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date 
(determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the 
relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are 
defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)) and on or prior to the Extension 
Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type 
of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms 
are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)). 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Relevant Credit Event has occurred. The Relevant Credit Event that is the 
subject of the Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice 
is effective. 
"Credit Event Redemption Amount" means the Auction Redemption Amount or the Cash 
Redemption Amount. 
"Credit Event Redemption Date" means, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes:

--- Page 784 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
784 
 
(a) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the Auction Redemption Date or 
the Cash Redemption Date; 
(b) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final Auction Redemption Date or the 
Final Cash Redemption Date; or 
(c) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, the Physical Redemption Date. 
"Credit Event Redemption Method" means, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, 
Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption, Physical Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a CE Resolution Notice, the 
date, as publicly announced by ISDA, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the first date on which such CE Resolution Notice was effective and 
on which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession, in 
accordance with the Rules, of Publicly Available Information with respect to the DC 
Resolutions referred to in such CE Resolution Notice. 
"Credit Linked Note" means a Single Name Credit Linked Note. 
"Credit Payment on Maturity Amount" means, on any day, if "Credit Payment on Maturity" 
applies, the aggregate of all Cash Redemption Amounts calculated on such day. 
"Currency Amount" means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice 
of Physical Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an 
amount converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference 
to the Currency Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back 
into the Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice into the currency 
of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
"Currency Rate" means with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the rate of conversion 
between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such 
Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either (i) determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time, 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation 
specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the Revised Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 
4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"CUSIP" means, with respect to a security, the "CUSIP" identification number assigned to such 
security (if any). 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by ISDA that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that:

--- Page 785 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
785 
 
(a) 
an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Reference 
Entity (or an Obligation thereof); and 
(b) 
such event occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date (determined by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in 
the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)) and on or prior to the Extension Date 
(determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the 
relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are 
defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)). 
A DC Credit Event Announcement will be deemed not to have occurred unless (i) the Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date with respect to such Credit Event occurred on or prior to the 
end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) and (ii) the 
Trade Date occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction 
Cancellation Date, or the date that is 21 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any, as applicable.  
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, 
a public announcement by ISDA that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved, following a Credit Event Resolution Request Date, that the event that is the 
subject of the CE Resolution Notice resulting in the occurrence of such Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date does not constitute a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity (or an 
Obligation thereof). 
"DC Party" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules.  
"DC Resolution" means a resolution of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in 
accordance with the definition of "Resolve" below. 
"Default Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 
10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, as of the 
occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event. 
"Deliver" means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee, 
transfer of the benefit of the Qualifying Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner 
customary for the settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include 
executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions): 
(a) 
in order to convey all right, title and interest in the Deliverable Obligations specified 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, 
to the relevant Noteholder; and 
(b) 
free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (including, without 
limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on 
the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") or right 
of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor), 
provided that: 
(i) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Direct Loan Participation, "Deliver" means to create 
(or procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the relevant Noteholder; and

--- Page 786 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
786 
 
(ii) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both 
the Underlying Obligation and the Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form 
of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that 
time, provided further that each of the Issuer and each Noteholder agrees to comply with the 
provisions of any documentation (which shall be deemed to include any market advisory that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to approve for such 
purpose) that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves constitutes 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, 
as such documentation may be amended to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves is appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery and 
payment obligations of the parties hereunder. 
The Issuer and each Noteholder further agrees that compliance by it with the provisions of any 
such documentation, shall be required for, and, without further action, constitute, Delivery for 
the purposes of this definition (to the extent that such documentation contains provisions 
describing how Delivery should be effected) and neither the Issuer nor any Noteholder shall be 
permitted to request that the other take, nor shall it be required to take any action under Credit 
Linked Condition 10(b) (Physical Redemption Assets) unless otherwise contemplated by such 
documentation. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 16(a) and (b)(i): 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Qualifying 
Affiliate Guarantee, or if "All Guarantees" applies, as provider of any Qualifying 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the "Method for determining Deliverable 
Obligations" below (but excluding any Excluded Deliverable Obligation) that (i) is 
payable in an amount equal to its outstanding principal balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, (ii) is not subject to any counterclaim, defence (other than a 
counterclaim or defence based on the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the 
definition of "Credit Event" or right of set off by or of a Reference Entity or any 
applicable Underlying Obligor and (iii) in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee other 
than a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee, is capable, at the Delivery Date, of immediate 
assertion or demand by or on behalf of the holder or holders against the Reference 
Entity for an amount at least equal to the outstanding principal balance or Due and 
Payable Amount being Delivered apart from the giving of any notice of non-payment 
or similar procedural requirement, it being understood that acceleration of an 
Underlying Obligation shall not be considered a procedural requirement; 
(b) 
subject to the second paragraph of paragraph (A)(II)(d)(A)(II)(1) below each 
Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, unless specified to be an 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Sovereign Reference 
Entity, any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation (but excluding any 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation) that (i) is payable in an amount equal to its 
outstanding principal balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, (ii) is not 
subject to any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on 
the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event" or right 
of set off by or of a Reference Entity or, as applicable, any applicable Underlying

--- Page 787 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
787 
 
Obligor and (iii) in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee other than a Qualifying Affiliate 
Guarantee, is capable, at the Delivery Date, of immediate assertion or demand by or 
on behalf of the holder or holders against the Reference Entity for an amount at least 
equal to the outstanding principal balance or Due and Payable Amount being Delivered 
apart from the giving of any notice of non-payment or similar procedural requirement, 
it being understood that acceleration of an Underlying Obligation shall not be 
considered a procedural requirement; and 
(d) 
any other obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(A) 
Method for determining Deliverable Obligations 
For the purposes of this definition of "Deliverable Obligation", a Deliverable 
Obligation shall be each Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity described 
by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and, subject to Credit Linked Condition 20 (Interpretation of 
Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics), 
having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, as of the Delivery Date. The 
following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(I) 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, 
Borrowed Money, Reference Obligations Only, Bond, Loan, or 
Bond or Loan (each as defined in the definition of "Obligation" 
below, except that, for the purposes of determining Deliverable 
Obligations, the definition of "Reference Obligations Only" shall be 
amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall 
be applicable to Reference Obligations Only). 
(II) 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more 
of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, 
Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Contingent, 
Not Domestic Issuance, (each as defined in the definition of 
"Obligation" below), Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, 
Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, 
Accelerated or Matured, Not Bearer and where the March 2012 
Supplement applies, Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability, 
General Fund Obligation Liability and Revenue Obligation 
Liability.  
(1) 
"Not Contingent" means any obligation having as of the 
Delivery Date and all times thereafter an outstanding 
principal balance or, in the case of obligations that are not 
Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable Amount, that 
pursuant to the terms of such obligation may not be reduced 
as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event 
or circumstance (other than payment). A Convertible 
Obligation, an Exchangeable Obligation and an Accreting 
Obligation shall satisfy the Not Contingent Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic if such Convertible Obligation, 
Exchangeable 
Obligation 
or 
Accreting 
Obligation 
otherwise meets the requirements of the preceding sentence

--- Page 788 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
788 
 
so long as, in the case of a Convertible Obligation or an 
Exchangeable Obligation, the right (x) to convert or 
exchange such obligation or (y) to require the issuer to 
purchase or redeem such obligation (if the issuer has 
exercised or may exercise the right to pay the purchase or 
redemption price, in whole or in part, in Equity Securities) 
has not been exercised (or such exercise has been 
effectively rescinded) on or before the Delivery Date. 
If a Reference Obligation is a Convertible 
Obligation or an Exchangeable Obligation, then 
such Reference Obligation may be included as a 
Deliverable Obligation only if the rights referred to 
in sub-paragraphs (x) and (y) above have not been 
exercised (or such exercise has been effectively 
rescinded) on or before the Delivery Date. 
(2) 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under 
which the total amount owed, whether at maturity, by 
reason of acceleration, upon termination or otherwise 
(other than amounts in respect of default interest, 
indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) is, or 
on or prior to the Delivery Date will be, due and payable in 
full in accordance with the terms of such obligation, or 
would have been but for, and without regard to, any 
limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency laws; 
(3) 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being 
assigned or novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or 
financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of 
organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the 
relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the 
relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such 
Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the 
relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or 
any agent; 
(4) 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of 
being assigned or novated with the consent of the Reference 
Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent 
of the relevant borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(5) 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of 
which, pursuant to a participation agreement, Issuer is 
capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a 
contractual right in favour of each Noteholder that provides 
each such Noteholder with recourse to the participation 
seller for a specified share in any payments due under the 
relevant Loan which are received by such participation 
seller, any such agreement to be entered into between each 
such Noteholder and either (A) the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates, as the case may be (to the extent the Issuer and/or

--- Page 789 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
789 
 
any such Affiliate, as applicable, is then a lender or a 
member of the relevant lending syndicate), or (B) any 
lender or member of the relevant lending syndicate 
nominated by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent; 
(6) 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a 
remaining maturity from the Physical Settlement Date of 
not greater than the period specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
(7) 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer 
instrument unless interests with respect to such bearer 
instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, 
Clearstream International or any other internationally 
recognised clearing system; and 
(8) 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to 
institutional investors without any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restriction provided that none of the following 
shall be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory 
restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions 
that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to 
Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions 
promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction 
having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility 
for resale of an obligation); or 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as 
statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on 
insurance companies and pension funds. 
"Deliverable Obligation Notice" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked 
Condition 10(a)(iii)(B) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets). 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" means the provisions of the Credit Linked Notes that 
specify criteria for establishing what obligations may constitute Deliverable Obligations. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the date on which such 
Deliverable Obligation is Delivered. 
"Delivery Expenses" means all costs, taxes (including transaction taxes), duties and/or 
expenses, including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising 
from the delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets. 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and 
any successor currency. If no currency is so specified, the Domestic Currency shall be the lawful

--- Page 790 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
790 
 
currency and any successor currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the relevant 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity 
is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). In no event shall Domestic Currency 
include any successor currency if such successor currency is the lawful currency of any of 
Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or the United States of America or the euro 
(or any successor currency to any such currency). 
"Domestic Law" means the laws of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity 
is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction of organization of the relevant Reference Entity, if such 
Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by 
the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means an amount equal to: 
(a) 
the amount that is due and payable under (and in accordance with the terms of) a 
Deliverable Obligation, whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or 
otherwise (excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and 
other similar amounts); less 
(b) 
the Unwind Costs, the Delivery Expenses and Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount 
(in each case, if any), 
in each case determined in accordance with the terms in effect on either (I) the Delivery Date 
or (II) the Valuation Date, as applicable. 
"Eligible Transferee" means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an 
entity specified in sub-paragraph (c)(i) of this definition); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 
500,000,000; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the paragraph (a) of this definition; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, 
issuer of collateralised debt obligation, commercial paper conduit or other 
special purpose vehicle) that (A) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 
or (B) is one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or

--- Page 791 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
791 
 
management having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least USD 
100,000,000; 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support 
or other agreement by an entity described in sub-paragraph (a), (b), (c)(ii) or 
(d) of this definition; and 
(d) 
(i) 
a Sovereign; 
(ii) 
a Sovereign Agency or a Supranational Organization. 
All references in this definition of "Eligible Transferee" to USD include equivalent 
amounts in other currencies. 
"Equity Securities" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Convertible Obligation, equity securities (including options and 
warrants) of the issuer of such obligation or depositary receipts representing those 
equity securities of the issuer of such obligation together with any other property 
distributed to or made available to holders of those equity securities from time to time; 
and 
(b) 
in the case of an Exchangeable Obligation, equity securities (including options and 
warrants) of a person other than the issuer of such obligation or depositary receipts 
representing those equity securities of a person other than the issuer of such obligation 
together with any other property distributed to or made available to holders of those 
equity securities from time to time. 
"Enabling Obligation" means an outstanding Deliverable Obligation that: 
(a) 
is a Fully Transferable Obligation or a Conditionally Transferable Obligation, as 
applicable; and 
(b) 
has a final maturity date occurring on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and 
following the Limitation Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date (or, 
in circumstances where the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date, following the final maturity date of the Latest Maturity Restructured 
Bond or Loan, if any). 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
"Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) of this definition, if neither a DC Credit Event Announcement 
nor a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the first date on which both 
the Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, the Notice of Publicly Available 
Information are delivered and are effective during either: 
(i) 
the Notice Delivery Period; or

--- Page 792 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
792 
 
(ii) 
the period from, and including, the date on which ISDA publicly announces 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved 
not to determine the matters described in the relevant CE Resolution Notice 
to, and including, the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter (provided that 
the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the 
end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade 
Date)); or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred, either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(I) 
 
(A) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(B) 
the Credit Event is not a Restructuring and where the March 
2012 Supplement applies, either "Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" 
or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies; 
and  
(C) 
either:  
(y) 
if "Auction Redemption" applies, the Trade Date 
occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation 
Date, or the date that is 21 calendar days following 
the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable; or  
(z) 
if "Auction Redemption" does not apply, the 
Trade Date occurs on or prior to the relevant DC 
Credit Event Announcement; or  
(II) 
 
(A) 
either:  
(y) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination 
Date" is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable 
Issue 
Terms 
and 
"Auction 
Redemption" applies; or  
(z) 
the Credit Event is a Restructuring and where the 
March 
2012 
Supplement 
applies, 
either 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully 
Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and

--- Page 793 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
793 
 
Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation 
Applicable" applies; and  
(B) 
the Credit Event Notice is delivered by a notifying party to 
the other party and is effective on or prior to the Exercise 
Cut-off Date; 
(ii) 
the first date on which the Credit Event Notice is delivered by a notifying 
party to the other party and is effective during the (i) Notice Delivery Period 
or (ii) the period from, and including, the date on which ISDA publicly 
announces the occurrence of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement to, 
and including, the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter (provided that the 
relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end 
of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade 
Date)), if either: 
(I) 
 
(A) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(B) 
the Credit Event is not a Restructuring and where the March 
2012 Supplement applies, either "Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" 
or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies;  
(C) 
"Auction Redemption" does not apply; and  
(D) 
the Trade Date occurs following the relevant DC Credit 
Event Announcement; or 
(II) 
 
(A) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; 
and  
(B) 
either:  
(y) 
"Auction Redemption" does not apply; or  
(z) 
if "Auction Redemption" applies, the Credit Event 
Notice is delivered by a Notifying Party to the 
other party and is effective on a date that is later 
than the relevant Exercise Cut-off Date; 
provided that in the case of paragraph (b) above: 
(1) 
no Physical Redemption Date or full redemption 
of the Credit Linked Notes has occurred on or 
prior to the date on which the Applicable DC 
Credit Event Announcement occurs;

--- Page 794 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
794 
 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as 
applicable, in respect of the relevant Reference 
Entity has occurred as of the date on which the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement 
occurs, an Event Determination Date shall be 
deemed to have occurred only with respect to the 
portion of the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes to which the 
Event Determination Date relates, if any, with 
respect to which no Valuation Date or Delivery 
Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying a Restructuring 
as the only Credit Event has previously been 
delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and 
Noteholders, (aa) unless the Restructuring 
specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the 
subject of the relevant CE Resolution Notice 
resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless the Exercise 
Amount specified in any such Credit Event Notice 
was less than the then Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes. 
If no election is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" shall 
not apply. 
"Exchangeable Obligation" means any obligation that is exchangeable, in whole or in part, for 
Equity Securities solely at the option of holders of such obligation or a trustee or similar agent 
acting for the benefit only of holders of such obligation (or the cash equivalent thereof, whether 
the cash settlement option is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders of such 
obligation). 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means any Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity 
specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Excluded Obligation" means any Obligation of a relevant Reference Entity specified as such 
or of a type described in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Exercise Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 7 
(Restructuring). 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means with respect to a Credit Event: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not a Restructuring (or if such Credit Event is a Restructuring, 
such Restructuring has occurred with respect to a Series for which neither 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" nor 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation Applicable" applies), either:

--- Page 795 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
795 
 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; 
or 
(iii) 
the date that is 21 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date, if any; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is a Restructuring for purposes of a Series for which either 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation Applicable" applies and: 
(i) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms may be published, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days 
following the date on which ISDA publishes the Final List applicable to such 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in accordance with the Rules 
(assuming, for the purposes of the timing set out herein, that any Credit Event 
Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent (as a buyer of credit protection) 
to the Issuer (as a seller of credit protection); or 
(ii) 
 a No Auction Announcement Date occurs, the date that is 21 calendar days 
following such No Auction Announcement Date. 
"Extended Maturity Date" means, if Scheduled Maturity Date Extension applies pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) and where: 
(a) 
no Relevant Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date 
under limbs (I), (II) and (III) of Credit Linked Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date 
Extension), the latest to occur of: 
(i) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Notes Extension Date; 
(ii) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant 
Credit Events or if later, any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date 
(including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date); or 
(iii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable; or 
(b) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date under limbs (I), (II) and (III) of Credit Linked 
Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) occurs on or prior to the Notes 
Extension Date, the later to occur of: 
(i) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant 
Credit Events, as applicable, or if later any Final Physical Redemption Cut-
Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback 
Cash Redemption Date); or

--- Page 796 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
796 
 
(ii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable. 
"Extension Date" means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date, if:  
(i) 
"Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(ii) 
the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or the relevant 
CE Resolution Notice resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, as applicable, is a Failure to Pay that occurs after 
the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean 
Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan 
Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix 
Supplement), Tokyo time)); and  
(iii) 
the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to such Failure to Pay occurs on or 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich 
Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is 
Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 
Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)); and 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any), if: 
(i) 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
(ii) 
the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or the relevant 
CE Resolution Notice resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, as applicable, is a Repudiation/Moratorium that 
occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to 
Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference 
Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 
2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)); 
(iii) 
the 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
with 
respect 
to 
such 
Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
and  
(iv) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure 
by a Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the 
terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
"Fallback Redemption Method" means Cash Redemption or Physical Redemption, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 797 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
797 
 
"Final Auction Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note, 
unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
"Final Auction Redemption Date" means the later to occur of (a) the last Auction Redemption 
Date in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
"Final Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note, 
unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Cash Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
"Final Cash Redemption Date" means the later to occur of (a) the last Cash Redemption Date 
in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
"Final List" means the final list of Deliverable Obligations which are the subject of the related 
Auction determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with 
the Rules.  
"Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked 
Condition 13(b) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver). 
"Final Price" means the price of the Valuation Obligation(s) selected by the Calculation Agent 
in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, expressed as a percentage, 
determined in accordance with the specified Valuation Method. 
"Financial Transaction Type" means any of "Standard European Financial Corporate", 
"Standard Australia Financial Corporate", "Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate", 
"Standard Japan Financial Corporate", "Standard Singapore Financial Corporate" and "Standard 
Asia Financial Corporate", as applicable. 
"Fixed Recovery Percentage" means, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the Issue Terms, the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include zero or 100 per cent.).

--- Page 798 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
798 
 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, 
for an amount of the Valuation Obligation with an outstanding principal balance or Due and 
Payable Amount equal to the Quotation Amount.  
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable 
Obligation be provided to a trustee, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent, for a 
Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes 
of this definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation". For purposes of determining whether a 
Deliverable Obligation satisfies the requirements of this definition of "Fully Transferable 
Obligation", such determination shall be made as of the Delivery Date for the Deliverable 
Obligation, taking into account only the terms of the Deliverable Obligation and any related 
transfer or consent documents which have been obtained by the Issuer. 
"Funding Interest Rate" means, in respect of a Funding Interest Amount, a rate per annum 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms which shall be based on the cost to the Issuer if it were 
to fund or of funding the amount on which such interest is accruing. 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the 
financial markets (including the central bank) of a Reference Entity or of the jurisdiction of 
organisation of a Reference Entity. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the applicable grace period with 
respect to payments under the relevant Obligation under the terms of such Obligation 
in effect as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" applies, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior 
to the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time 
(or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or 
Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo 
time)) and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if 
the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)), 
the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no period is specified, 30 calendar 
days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with 
respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace 
Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period 
of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; 
provided that, unless "Grace Period Extension" is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 799 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
799 
 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified 
for that purpose in the relevant Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified, in the 
jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if (a) "Grace Period Extension" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as 
such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)), as the case may be, the 
date that is the number of Business Days following the date on which the Grace Period relating 
to such Potential Failure to Pay has expired. If "Grace Period Extension" is not specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, Grace Period Extension shall not apply. If (a) 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, (b) a 
Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity 
is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix 
Supplement), Tokyo time)) and (c) an Event Determination Date in respect of that Failure to 
Pay does not occur on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to 
the Trade Date), the later of the Scheduled Maturity Date and the Grace Period Extension Date 
will be the Extended Maturity Date (even if a Failure to Pay occurs after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date).  
"Hedge Disruption Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 10(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge 
Disruption Obligation). 
"Issue Terms" means the applicable Final Terms or, where a Pricing Supplement is prepared, 
the applicable terms and conditions set out in such Pricing Supplement. 
"Issuer Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in London, New York and Luxembourg. 
"Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date" means: 
(a) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 13(b) (Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event – failure to deliver), 10(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of 
Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation), 10(d) (Partial Cash 
Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) and 10(h) (Alternative Procedures 
Relating to Loans not Delivered), the date that is 30 calendar days after the relevant 
Physical Redemption Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 10(e) (Partial Cash 
Redemption of Consent Required Loans), 10(f) (Partial Cash Redemption of 
Assignable Loans) and 10(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of Participations), the date 
that is 15 Business Days after the Physical Redemption Date. 
"Limitation Date" means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any 
year to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years 
after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years (the "5-year 
Limitation Date"), 7.5 years, 10 years, 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years (the "20-year 
Limitation Date"), as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in

--- Page 800 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
800 
 
accordance with any Business Day Convention, unless specified otherwise in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"March 2012 Supplement" means the 2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (published on March 5, 2012). 
"Market Value" means, with respect to the relevant Valuation Obligation on a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values 
(and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest 
value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations; 
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained, subject to sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "Quotation", an amount that the Calculation Agent shall determine on the 
next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations are obtained; and 
(e) 
if two or more Full Quotations are not obtained within the ten Business Day period set 
forth in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation" the Market Value shall be 
determined as provided in such definition of "Quotation". 
"Maturity Redemption Amount" means an amount being the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount in the Settlement Currency 
equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes. 
"Merger Event" means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date 
to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, the 
Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all 
or substantially all of its respective assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, or 
the Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
"Merger Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note: 
(a) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) 
equal to (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
minus (ii) the Unwind Costs, if any; or 
(b) 
the Early Redemption Amount, 
as specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 801 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
801 
 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, 
notes and other financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, provided that, in circumstances where the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 2.5-
year Limitation Date, at least one Enabling Obligation exists. With respect to a Series for which 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
Applicable" applies and for which the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date and prior to the 5-year Limitation Date, a Restructured Bond or Loan will not 
constitute an Enabling Obligation.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is either (a) on or prior to the 
2.5-year Limitation Date or (b) later than the 2.5-year Limitation Date and on or prior to the 5-
year Limitation Date and no Enabling Obligation exists, the Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date will be the 5-year Limitation Date in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan 
only. 
Subject to the foregoing, in the event that the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than (i) the 2.5-
year Limitation Date and no Enabling Obligation exists or (ii) the 20-year Limitation Date, the 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Movement Option" means, with respect to a Restructuring for which either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies, and with 
respect to which a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to paragraph (b) of 
the definition of "No Auction Announcement Date", the option of the Calculation Agent to 
apply the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, so that the Credit Linked Notes may be 
redeemed by way of Auction Redemption (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take 
into account (a) the terms of the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the Permissible 
Deliverable Obligations thereunder, the Deliverable Obligation Provisions related to the Credit 
Linked Notes and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has or may enter into in connection 
with the Credit Linked Notes) for the purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable Obligations 
are more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent could 
specify in any Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice (provided that if 
more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such Permissible Deliverable Obligations 
shall apply). If the Calculation Agent does not deliver an effective Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option to the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Credit Linked Notes 
will be redeemed in accordance with the Fallback Redemption Method. 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" the date that is four Relevant City Business Days following 
the Exercise Cut-off Date applicable to a buyer of credit protection where ISDA publishes a 
Final List applicable to the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved (and where any public statement is issued by ISDA relating to the 
appropriate cut-off date, the Calculation Agent shall interpret such timing requirements from 
the perspective of a buyer of protection). 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 16(c) 
(Multiple Holder Obligation) .

--- Page 802 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
802 
 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4.00 p.m. (London time) on a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments and which 
immediately follows the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective. 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on which ISDA first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of a Restructuring for which either "Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies, 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will be published but Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published; or  
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no 
Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by ISDA to the contrary.  
For the avoidance of doubt, a No Auction Announcement Date will not occur solely by reason 
of the Credit Linked Notes not being covered by any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"NOPS Amendment Notice" has the meaning given to it in the definition of "Notice of Physical 
Settlement". 
"Notes Extension Date" means the last day on which any Relevant Event Determination Date 
could occur, in the determination of the Calculation Agent (taking into consideration the latest 
of (i) the last day of any Notice Delivery Period (ii) the last Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date which could occur up to the last day of any Notice Delivery Period; (iii) the last Relevant 
Event Determination Date which could occur 14 calendar days after a DC Credit Event 
Announcement; and (iv) the last Exercise Cut-off Date). 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including 
the date that is 14 calendar days after the Extension Date. 
"Notice to Exercise Movement Option" with respect to a Series where (a) either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies and (b) the 
Fallback Redemption Method would otherwise be applicable pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 8(a)(ii) (Fallback Redemption), a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that 
(i) specifies the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms which shall be applicable in accordance with 
the exercise of the Movement Option and (ii) is dated on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-
off Date. 
"CE Resolution Notice" means a notice to ISDA, delivered in accordance with the Rules, 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve: 
(a) 
whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event for purposes of the relevant Series has 
occurred with respect to the relevant Reference Entity or Obligation thereof; and

--- Page 803 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
803 
 
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that such event 
has occurred, the date of the occurrence of such event. 
"Notice of Physical Settlement" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders that (a) confirms that the Issuer intends to 
redeem the Credit Linked Notes (unless the applicable Issue Terms provide for multiple 
Deliveries) and requires performance in accordance with the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 10 (Physical Redemption Terms), (b) specifies (i) the proposed Delivery Date, (ii) if 
applicable, the Unwind Costs and (iii) if applicable, the Delivery Expenses and/or Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount, (c) contains a detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation 
that the Issuer will, subject to Credit Linked Condition 10 (Physical Redemption Terms), 
Deliver to Noteholders (in aggregate), including the outstanding principal balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable (in each case, the "Outstanding Amount") of each such 
Deliverable Obligation and, if available and applicable, the CUSIP or ISIN number (or, if such 
identifying number is not available, the rate and tenor) of each such Deliverable Obligation and 
(d) where (I) the Relevant Credit Event is a Restructuring, (II) either "Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" applies and (III) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date is later than (x) the final maturity date of the Latest Maturity 
Restructured Bond or Loan, if any, or (y) the 2.5-year Limitation Date, contains a detailed 
description of at least one Enabling Obligation, which description will include the CUSIP or 
ISIN number, if available and applicable (or, if such identifying number is not available, the 
rate and tenor), of such Enabling Obligation and any other information necessary to establish 
that such obligation is an Enabling Obligation. The Calculation Agent may, from time to time, 
give notice to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, in the 
manner specified above (each such notification, a "NOPS Amendment Notice") that the Issuer 
is replacing, in whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the 
relevant Deliverable Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment 
Notice is effective) or the detailed description(s) thereof. A NOPS Amendment Notice shall 
contain a revised detailed description of each replacement Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer 
will, subject to Credit Linked Condition 10 (Physical Redemption Terms), Deliver to 
Noteholders (each, a "Replacement Deliverable Obligation") and shall also specify the 
Outstanding Amount of each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced (with 
respect to each such Deliverable Obligation, the "Replaced Deliverable Obligation 
Outstanding Amount"). The Outstanding Amount of each Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation identified in a NOPS Amendment Notice shall be determined by applying the 
Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. 
Each such NOPS Amendment Notice must be effective on or prior to the Physical Redemption 
Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from such NOPS Amendment 
Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent may correct any 
errors or inconsistencies in the detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation contained in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to 
the Fiscal Agent prior to the relevant Delivery Date; it being understood in each case that such 
notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice.  
The "Notice of Physical Settlement Condition to Settlement" will be satisfied by the delivery 
of an effective Notice of Physical Settlement. For the purposes of determining whether this 
condition has been satisfied, the effective date of delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement 
(whether or not subsequently changed) shall be used.

--- Page 804 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
804 
 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to the 
Fiscal Agent that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice 
or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a 
description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. In relation to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, the Notice of Publicly Available Information must cite Publicly 
Available Information confirming the occurrences of both paragraphs (a) and (b) of the 
definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". If "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such 
Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information. If no election is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, "Notice of Publicly Available Information" shall apply. 
"Obligation" means (a) any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee, or if "All Guarantees" applies, as provider of any Qualifying 
Guarantee), determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining 
Obligations" below (but excluding any Excluded Obligation), (b) each Reference Obligation 
unless it is an Excluded Obligation and (c) any other obligation of the Reference Entity specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Method for Determining Obligations: 
For the purposes of paragraph (a) of the definition of "Obligation" above, an Obligation 
is each obligation of each Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and having each of the Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, as of the 
date of the event which constitutes the Credit Event which is the subject of either the 
Credit Event Notice or the relevant CE Resolution Notice resulting in the occurrence 
of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date. The following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
(i) 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligations Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and: 
(A) 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed 
Money" Obligation Category that is in the form of, or represented 
by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), 
certificated debt notes or other debt notes and shall not include any 
other type of Borrowed Money; 
(B) 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a 
Loan; 
(C) 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation 
under a revolving credit arrangement for which there are no 
outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall 
include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations 
arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit);

--- Page 805 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
805 
 
(D) 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed 
Money" Obligation Category that is documented by a term loan 
agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit 
agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(E) 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, 
contingent or otherwise) for the payment or repayment of money, 
including, without limitation, Borrowed Money; and 
(F) 
"Reference Obligations Only" means any obligation that is a 
Reference Obligation and no Obligation Characteristics shall be 
applicable to Reference Obligations Only. 
(ii) 
"Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not 
Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance and where the March 2012 
Supplement applies, Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability, General Fund 
Obligation Liability and Revenue Obligation Liability, and: 
(A) 
 
(I) 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not 
Subordinated to (x) the most senior Reference Obligation 
in priority of payment or (y) if no Reference Obligation is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity; 
provided that, if any of the events set forth under Credit 
Linked Condition 17(a) (Substitution events) or 15(b) 
(Substitute Reference Obligations following a Succession 
Event) has occurred with respect to all of the Reference 
Obligations (each, in each case, a "Prior Reference 
Obligation") and no Substitute Reference Obligation has 
been identified for any of the Prior Reference Obligations 
at the time of the determination of whether an obligation 
satisfies the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic 
or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, as applicable, 
"Not Subordinated" shall mean an obligation would not 
have been Subordinated to the most senior such Prior 
Reference Obligation in priority of payment. For purposes 
of determining whether an obligation satisfies the "Not 
Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the ranking in priority of 
payment of each Reference Obligation or each Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as 
of the date as of which the relevant Reference Obligation 
or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, was issued or 
incurred, and shall not reflect any change to such ranking 
in priority of payment after such date, provided that where 
the March 2012 Supplement applies, "Not Subordinated" 
means an obligation (or, in the case of a Double-Barrel 
Obligation Liability, only the Full Faith and Credit 
Component thereof) that is not Subordinated (in the case of 
a Revenue Obligation Liability, with respect to the

--- Page 806 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
806 
 
revenues from which the Reference Obligation is payable) 
to (x) the Reference Obligation (or, if the Reference 
Obligation is a Double-Barrel Obligation Liability, only the 
Full Faith and Credit Component thereof) or (y) if no 
Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of 
the Reference Entity; provided that, (aa) if any of the events 
set forth under Credit Linked Condition 17(a) (Substitution 
events) has occurred with respect to all of the Reference 
Obligations or if Credit Linked Condition 15(b) (Substitute 
Reference Obligations following a Succession Event) is 
applicable with respect to the Reference Obligation (each, 
in each case, a "Prior Reference Obligation") and no 
Substitute Reference Obligation has been identified for any 
of the Prior Reference Obligations at the time of the 
determination of whether an obligation satisfies the "Not 
Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic, 
as 
applicable, 
"Not 
Subordinated" shall mean an obligation that would not have 
been Subordinated to such Prior Reference Obligation, and 
(bb) if "Double-Barrel Obligation Only" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (and it will only be 
deemed to be applicable if the Reference Obligation is a 
Double-Barrel Obligation Liability), then an obligation will 
be deemed to satisfy the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
only if (I) such obligation is a Double-Barrel Obligation 
Liability and (II) in addition to satisfying the foregoing 
requirements in this paragraph, the Non-Full Faith and 
Credit Component of such obligation is not Subordinated 
to the Non-Full Faith and Credit Component of such 
Reference Obligation (assuming solely for purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (bb) that any reference in the definition of 
"Subordination" to the "Reference Entity" will be deemed 
to be to the "Sovereign Agency of the Reference Entity" if 
such Non-Full Faith and Credit Component is a direct 
liability of a Sovereign Agency of such Reference Entity). 
For purposes of determining whether an obligation satisfies 
the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the ranking of each 
Reference Obligation or each Prior Reference Obligation, 
as applicable, shall be determined as of the date as of which 
the relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, was issued or incurred, and shall 
not reflect any change to such ranking after such date; and 
(II) 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the 
"Subordinated Obligation") and another obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity to which such obligation is being 
compared (the "Senior Obligation"), a contractual, trust or 
similar arrangement providing that (x) upon the liquidation, 
dissolution, reorganisation or winding up of the relevant

--- Page 807 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
807 
 
Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the Senior 
Obligation will be satisfied prior to the claims of the 
holders of the Subordinated Obligation or (y) the holders of 
the Subordinated Obligation will not be entitled to receive 
or retain payments in respect of their claims against the 
relevant Reference Entity at any time that the relevant 
Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in 
default under the Senior Obligation. "Subordinated" will be 
construed accordingly. For the purposes of determining 
whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is 
Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it 
is being compared, the existence of preferred creditors 
arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support 
or other credit enhancement arrangements shall not be 
taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be 
taken into account where the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign. Where the March 2012 Supplement applies, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, a Full Faith and Credit 
Obligation Liability of a Reference Entity that is payable, 
in whole or in part, from ad valorem taxes (where the 
amount of such taxes that may be levied is subject to 
applicable constitutional, statutory and other legal limits) 
shall be deemed to be Subordinated to any Full Faith and 
Credit Obligation Liability of such Reference Entity that is 
payable, in whole in part, from ad valorem taxes that are 
not so limited;  
(ii) 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or 
currencies specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if "Specified 
Currency" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and no currency is so 
specified, any Standard Specified Currency); 
(iii) 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to 
a Sovereign or Supranational Organization, including, without limitation, 
obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt"; 
(iv) 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any 
currency other than the Domestic Currency; 
(v) 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the 
applicable Domestic Law; 
(vi) 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased 
and sold on an exchange;  
(vii) 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that 
was, at the time the relevant obligation was issued (or reissued, as the case 
may be) or incurred, intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic 
market of the relevant Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or 
qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity 
(regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale 
within the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity) shall be deemed

--- Page 808 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
808 
 
not to be intended for sale primarily in the domestic market of the relevant 
Reference Entity;  
(viii) 
where the March 2012 Supplement applies: 
(A) 
"Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability" means any liability 
of the Reference Entity: (x) the payment of which in accordance with 
its terms or applicable law is backed by the "full faith and credit" (or 
similar language) of the Reference Entity; or (y) that is payable from 
ad valorem taxes required to be levied on all taxable property within 
the taxing jurisdiction of the Reference Entity for the payment 
thereof, whether or not subject to any applicable constitutional, 
statutory and other legal limits with respect to the amount of such 
taxes that may be so levied. For the avoidance of doubt, a Double-
Barrel Obligation Liability shall also constitute a Full Faith and 
Credit Obligation Liability; 
(B) 
"Double-Barrel Obligation Liability" means, with respect to any 
Reference Entity, any liability that evidences both (x) a Full Faith 
and Credit Obligation Liability of such Reference Entity (either 
directly or as a provider of a Qualifying Guarantee) and (y) a claim 
that is either (aa) payable from certain revenues or other sources of 
funds of such Reference Entity prior to any claim under a Full Faith 
and Credit Obligation Liability that is not payable from such 
revenues or sources of funds or (bb) is payable from certain revenues 
or other source of funds of a Sovereign Agency of such Reference 
Entity. For the avoidance of doubt, a Double-Barrel Obligation 
Liability that is a direct liability of a Sovereign Agency of the 
Reference Entity (rather than the Reference Entity itself) will be 
deemed to be a "Qualifying Guarantee" of such Reference Entity if 
such Full Faith and Credit Component is a liability of such Reference 
Entity that in accordance with its terms cannot be discharged, 
reduced or otherwise altered or assigned (other than by operation of 
law) as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance (other than payment); 
(C) 
"Full Faith and Credit Component" means any liability of the 
Reference Entity (either directly or as a provider of a Qualifying 
Guarantee) in respect of a Double-Barrel Obligation Liability 
without regard to any claim thereunder described in sub-paragraph 
(y) of the definition thereof;  
(D) 
"Non-Full Faith and Credit Component" means any liability of 
the Reference Entity or any Sovereign Agency thereof in respect of 
a Double-Barrel Obligation Liability other than in respect of the Full 
Faith and Credit Component thereof; 
(E) 
"General Fund Obligation Liability" means any liability of the 
Reference Entity that is payable from the general fund of the 
Reference Entity and that is not a Moral Obligation Liability. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability that 
is payable from the general fund of the Reference Entity shall also 
constitute a General Fund Obligation Liability;

--- Page 809 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
809 
 
(F) 
"Moral Obligation Liability" means any liability of the Reference 
Entity that is contingent upon an appropriation being made by the 
governing body or other official of the Reference Entity; and 
(G) 
"Revenue Obligation Liability" means any liability of the 
Reference Entity that is payable, in whole or in part, from the same 
source of revenues as the Reference Obligation and that is not a 
Moral Obligation Liability. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is 
denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they 
would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of 
a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a 
failure to make any required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under one or 
more Obligations. 
"Original Aggregate Nominal Amount" means, on the Issue Date, the original aggregate 
nominal amount of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount" means, on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Applicable Proportions in respect of such Credit Linked 
Notes relating to previous Relevant Credit Events; 
in each case, taking into account (without double counting) any partial redemptions, 
amortisations, cancellations or further issues of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series 
on or prior to such date. 
"Outstanding Amount" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Notice of 
Physical Settlement". 
"Parallel Auction" means the "Auction" which is the subject of the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means the "Auction Cancellation Date" in respect of the 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of a Restructuring for 
which either "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable"

--- Page 810 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
810 
 
or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
Applicable" applies, any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with 
respect to such Restructuring in accordance with the Rules if the Calculation Agent determines 
in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation Terms are the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes and for which a representative credit derivative transaction 
economically equivalent to the Credit Linked Notes in unfunded format referencing the same 
Affected Reference Entity (assuming Auction Redemption and the deemed occurrence of an 
"Event Determination Date") which has identical deliverable obligation terms to the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes and Deliverable Obligation Terms of the 
relevant auction settlement terms under consideration but would not be a covered transaction 
(due to the range of designated scheduled termination dates for the relevant auction settlement 
terms under consideration or otherwise) for the purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Payment/Delivery Failure Event" means, in each case as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that: 
(a) 
it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to an event beyond 
the control of the Issuer including, without limitation, a failure by the Noteholder to 
provide account details of its designee), or for a Noteholder to accept payment of (due 
to an event beyond the control of such Noteholder), any cash amount (including, 
without limitation, any portion of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount, in 
respect of the Credit Linked Notes) required to be paid by the Issuer on the date 
intended for such payment and such event preventing the payment or acceptance is not 
cured by the affected party; or 
(b) 
the relevant definitive Credit Linked Notes (where applicable) and/or the Deliverable 
Obligation Notice are not delivered in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 10(a) 
(Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) or any intended recipient has failed to duly 
execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or 
before any Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation that is on or before any Delivery Date, in each case in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Deliverable Obligation. 
"Payment Failure Cut-Off Date" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 13(a) 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay). 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 
1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as appropriate. 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligation" has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the deliverable 
obligations included on the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are 
applicable to that Auction. 
"Permitted Currency" means: 
(a) 
the legal tender of any Group of 7 country (or any country that becomes a member of 
the Group of 7 if such Group of 7 expands its membership); or

--- Page 811 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
811 
 
(b) 
the legal tender of any country which, as of the date of such change, is a member of 
the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and has a local currency 
long-term debt rating of either AAA or higher assigned to it by Standard & Poor's, a 
division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. or any successor to the rating business 
thereof, Aaa or higher assigned to it by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or any 
successor to the rating business thereof or AAA or higher assigned to it by Fitch 
Ratings or any successor to the rating business thereof. 
"Physical Redemption Assets" means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes for which pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 10 (Physical Redemption Terms) the "Physical Redemption Terms" 
are applicable, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Effect of DC Resolutions), such 
Deliverable Obligations as may be selected by the Issuer with: (a) an outstanding principal 
balance (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, on the date of the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, and which for the avoidance of doubt will account for any deductions for 
any unwind costs, any delivery expenses and any interest suspension shortfall amounts), in 
respect of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money Obligations or (b) a Due and 
Payable Amount, in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money 
Obligations (or in either case, the equivalent Currency Amount thereof), equal to (i) the 
Applicable Proportion or (ii) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, on the date of the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable). If the amount of the Physical Redemption Assets is less than zero, no 
Deliverable Obligations will be required to be Delivered and the amount of the Physical 
Redemption Assets will be deemed to be zero. The outstanding principal balance of the 
Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will (x) include accrued but unpaid interest (as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine) if "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, (y) exclude accrued but unpaid interest if "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms or neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued 
Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms (as the Calculation Agent shall determine). 
If an obligation by its terms represents or contemplates an obligation to pay an amount greater 
than the outstanding principal balance of such obligation as of the Delivery Date as a result of 
the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, the outstanding principal balance 
of such obligation shall not include any additional amount that would be payable upon the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of such event or circumstance. With respect to (x) any Accreting 
Obligation, "outstanding principal balance" means the Accreted Amount thereof and (y) any 
Exchangeable Obligation that is not an Accreting Obligation, "outstanding principal balance" 
shall exclude any amount that may be payable under the terms of such obligation in respect of 
the value of the Equity Securities for which such obligation is exchangeable. 
"Physical Redemption Date" means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the satisfaction of all applicable Conditions to Settlement. If all Deliverable 
Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, are Delivered on or before that Physical Redemption Date, the Physical Redemption 
Date shall be the Extended Maturity Date. 
"Physical Settlement Matrix" means, where "Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms" 
applies to any Series of Credit Linked Notes (notwithstanding that the Credit Event Redemption 
Method for such Notes may not be Physical Redemption), the terms applicable to one or more 
Transaction Type(s) in respect of the relevant Reference Entity(ies) of such Series of Credit 
Linked Notes as set out in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that in the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) Part A (Contractual Terms) of the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) any

--- Page 812 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
812 
 
schedule or appendix to such Issue Terms, Part A (Contractual Terms) of the Issue Terms will 
prevail. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 14(d) (Redemption Suspension), the number of Business Days specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, then with respect 
to a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, the longest number of Business Days for settlement in 
accordance with then current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine. 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the relevant Reference Entity to make, when 
and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement 
under one or more Obligations, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent 
to the commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations, in accordance with 
the terms of such obligations at the time of such failure. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow 
Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi 
Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial 
Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the 
country in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally 
recognised published or electronically displayed news sources).  
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
have occurred and which: 
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources, 
regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information, 
provided that, if the Issuer or its Affiliates is cited as the sole source of such 
information, then such information shall not be deemed to be Publicly Available 
Information unless the Issuer or its Affiliate is acting in its capacity as trustee, fiscal 
agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank 
for an Obligation;  
(b) 
is information received from or published by (i) the relevant Reference Entity (or a 
Sovereign Agency in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, or (where the 
March 2012 Supplement applies) a Sovereign in respect of a Reference Entity which 
is a Sovereign Agency) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing 
agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation;  
(c) 
is information contained in any petition or filing instituting a proceeding (as described 
in paragraph (d) of the definition of "Bankruptcy") against or by a Reference Entity; 
or  
(d) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice or filing, however described, of 
or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative,

--- Page 813 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
813 
 
regulatory or judicial body or (where the March 2012 Supplement applies) the 
Electronic Municipal Market Access (EMMA) system of the Municipal Securities 
Rulemaking Board, or any additional or successor filing system approved by the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission for satisfying continuing 
disclosure requirements under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
or any rules promulgated thereunder, that are applicable to any securities issued by the 
Reference Entity. 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) in the first 
paragraph of this definition, the party receiving such information may assume that such 
information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement or understanding 
regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such information 
has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the relevant 
Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the relevant Reference Entity that would be breached by, 
or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to the definition of "Downstream 
Affiliate", the percentage of Voting Shares owned, directly or indirectly, by the relevant 
Reference Entity and (ii) that such occurrence (A) has met the Payment Requirement or Default 
Requirement, (B) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period or (C) has met the 
subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the relevant 
Reference Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of that 
Reference Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means an arrangement evidenced by a written instrument pursuant to 
which a Reference Entity irrevocably agrees (by guarantee of payment or equivalent legal 
arrangement) to pay all amounts due under an "Underlying Obligation" for which another party 
is the obligor (the "Underlying Obligor"). 
Qualifying Guarantees shall exclude any arrangement: 
(a) 
structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy, letter of credit or 
equivalent legal arrangement; or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms of which the payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity 
can be discharged, reduced, otherwise altered or assigned (other than by operation of 
law)as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than payment). 
The benefit of a Qualifying Guarantee must be capable of being delivered together with the 
delivery of the Underlying Obligation. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage with respect to 
a Valuation Date in the manner that follows:  
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable 
to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three 
Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if 
necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the

--- Page 814 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
814 
 
relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on the same 
Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation 
Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full 
Quotation is obtained on such tenth Business Day, the quotation shall be deemed to be 
zero for the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such 
day. 
"Quotation Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent not in excess of the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency, which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being 
obtained. 
"Quotation Dealer" means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, a dealer (which may be one or 
more of the Issuer's affiliates) in obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, 
including any Quotation Dealer if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in existence (with no successors), or not 
being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the 
Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, substitute 
any such Quotation Dealer(s) for one or more of the foregoing. 
"Quotation Method" means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms by reference to one of the following terms (or, if no Quotation Method is specified, Bid 
shall apply), 
where: 
(a) 
"Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
"Offer" means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
"Mid-market" means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation 
Dealers and shall be averaged for the purposes of determining a relevant Quotation 
Dealer's quotation. 
"Redemption Suspension Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 14 (Effect of DC Resolutions). 
"Reference Entity" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor 
Provisions), in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the entity specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Obligation" means each obligation specified as such or of a type described in the 
applicable Issue Terms (if any are so specified or described) and any Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules.

--- Page 815 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
815 
 
"Relevant Credit Event" means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Successor Provisions), any Credit Event which occurs with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity. 
"Relevant Event Determination Date" means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, the Event 
Determination Date occurring with respect to a Relevant Credit Event. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations constituting "Bonds" and "Loans" of the 
relevant Reference Entity outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the Succession 
Event, excluding any debt obligations outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its 
Affiliates, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will determine the 
entity which succeeds to such Relevant Obligations on the basis of the Best Available 
Information. If the date on which the Best Available Information becomes available or is filed 
precedes the legally effective date of the relevant Succession Event, any assumptions as to the 
allocation of obligations between or among entities contained in the Best Available Information 
will be deemed to have been fulfilled as of the legally effective date of the Succession Event, 
whether or not this is in fact the case. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: (a) an 
authorised officer of the relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (i) disaffirms, 
disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more 
Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (ii) declares or 
imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect 
to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; 
and (b) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such 
Obligation that occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean 
Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)), (a) if the 
Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date 
that is the later of (i) the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of 
such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace 
Period in respect of such payment date) and (b) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of 
such 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium; 
provided 
that, 
in 
either 
case, 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date 
unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. If (I) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied and (II) an Event Determination Date 
in respect of that Repudiation/Moratorium does not occur on or prior to the final day of the 
Notice 
Delivery 
Period, 
the 
later 
of 
the 
Scheduled 
Maturity 
Date 
and 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date will be the Extended Maturity Date (even if a 
Repudiation/Moratorium occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date). 
The "Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" is satisfied: 
(a) 
if ISDA publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered in 
accordance with the Rules and effectively received on or prior to the date that is 14 
calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential

--- Page 816 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
816 
 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type 
of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms 
are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)); or  
(b) 
otherwise, by the delivery by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, if "Notice of Publicly Available 
Information" is specified as a Condition to Settlement, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information that is effective on or prior to the date that is 14 calendar days after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.  
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been 
satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, ISDA publicly announces, 
pursuant to a valid request that was delivered in accordance with the Rules and effectively 
received on or prior to the date that is 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event 
does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
for the purposes of the relevant Credit Linked Notes has occurred with respect to an Obligation 
of the relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date 
(determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 
Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)). 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer (for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders) that 
describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type 
of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are 
defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)). A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. 
The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice is effective. 
"Resolve" means, with respect to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the making 
of a specific determination in accordance with the Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall 
be construed accordingly. 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation that is a Bond or Loan and in respect of 
which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the relevant 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such 
Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the 
relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Obligation and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in 
effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred:

--- Page 817 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
817 
 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals; 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled 
redemption dates; 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual 
of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest or principal to 
any currency which is not a Permitted Currency. 
Notwithstanding the above in this definition of "Restructuring", none of the following shall 
constitute a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest or principal in relation to an Obligation denominated 
in a currency of a Member State of the EU that adopts or has adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" due to an administrative 
adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment 
occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" in circumstances where such 
event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness 
or financial condition of the Reference Entity. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Restructuring", the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of 
a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as provider of any Qualifying Guarantee. In the case of a Qualifying 
Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the relevant Reference Entity in the first 
paragraph of this definition shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference 
to the relevant Reference Entity in the second paragraph of this definition of "Restructuring" 
shall continue to refer to the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Restructuring Date" means, with respect to a Restructured Bond or Loan, the date on which 
a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing 
such Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
provided that in circumstances where the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date, at least one Enabling Obligation exists. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the 
final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date of any 
Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured 
Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan") and the Scheduled Maturity

--- Page 818 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
818 
 
Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, 
then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of such Latest 
Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. In the event that the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than 
(a)(i) the final maturity date of the Latest Maturity Restructured Bondor Loan, if any, or (ii) the 
2.5-year Limitation Date, and, in either case, no Enabling Obligation exists or (b) the 20-year 
Limitation Date, the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation 
specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which 
the Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in 
which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated 
that is determined either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency 
Fixing Time or (b) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by ISDA 
on its website www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as 
amended from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof. 
"Senior Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Subordination". 
"Single Name Partial Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 15(e)(i) (Single Name Credit Linked Notes). 
"Single Name Successor Entity" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Successor Provisions). 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority (including, without limiting the 
foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign Agency" means any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other 
authority (including, without limitation, the central bank) of a Sovereign. 
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a relevant 
Sovereign Reference Entity: 
(a) 
in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event 
Notice has occurred; and  
(b) 
described by the "Deliverable Obligation Category" specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and subject to Credit Linked Condition 20(c) (Interpretation of Obligation 
Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics), having each of the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
in each case immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in 
accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring without regard 
to whether the Obligation would satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Category or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics after such Restructuring. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Sources specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (or, if a number is not so specified, two).

--- Page 819 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
819 
 
"Standard Specified Currency" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, the UK and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency 
to any of the aforementioned currencies. 
"Subordinated Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of 
"Subordination". 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means one or more obligations of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as a provider of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as provider of any Qualifying Guarantee) 
that will replace one or more Reference Obligations, identified by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Substitute Reference Obligation). 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date falling 
five Business Days after the Extension Date. 
"Substitution Event Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note, 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to (x) the fair market value of the 
Credit Linked Notes determined by the Issuer as at the Substitution Event Date, and (y) adjusted 
to take into account any Unwind Costs (if any). 
"Succession Event" means: 
(a) 
with respect to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, an event such as a merger, 
consolidation, amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, demerger, spin-off or 
other similar event in which one entity succeeds to the obligations of another entity, 
whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an event such as an annexation, 
unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other 
event that results in any direct or indirect successor(s) to such Reference Entity.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, "Succession Event" shall not include an event (i) in which the 
holders of obligations of the Reference Entity exchange such obligations for the obligations of 
another entity, unless such exchange occurs in connection with a merger, consolidation, 
amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, demerger, spin-off or other similar event or (B) 
with respect to the legally effective date (or, in the case of a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, 
the date of occurrence) has occurred prior to the Succession Event Backstop Date (determined 
by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference 
Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix 
Supplement), Tokyo time)).  
"Succession Event Backstop Date" means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Succession Event, as determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the Successor Event Resolution 
Request Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)); 
or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the earlier of:

--- Page 820 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
820 
 
(i) 
the date on which the Succession Event Notice is effective; and 
(ii) 
in circumstances where (A) the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to Resolve the matters described in paragraphs (a) 
and (b) of the definition of "Succession Event Resolution Request Date" are 
satisfied in accordance with the Rules, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine such matters and 
(C) the Succession Event Notice is delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent 
not more than 14 calendar days after the day on which ISDA publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to determine such matters, the Succession Event Resolution 
Request Date. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Succession Event Backstop Date 
shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Succession Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders that describes a Succession 
Event that occurred on or after the Succession Event Backstop Date (determined by reference 
to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan 
Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo 
time)). A Succession Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination to be made pursuant to the definition of "Successor", of whether 
(a) a Succession Event has occurred and (b) if relevant, the identity of any Successor(s). 
"Succession Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to ISDA, 
delivered in accordance with the Rules, requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee be convened to Resolve: 
(a) 
whether an event that constitutes a Succession Event has occurred with respect to the 
relevant Reference Entity; and 
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that such event 
has occurred: 
(i) 
with respect to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the legally effective 
date of such event; or  
(ii) 
with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, the date of the 
occurrence of such event, 
the date, as publicly announced by ISDA, that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
"Successor" means, in relation to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the entity or 
entities, if any, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
if one entity directly or indirectly succeeds to seventy five per cent. or more of the 
Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, 
that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(b) 
if only one entity directly or indirectly succeeds to more than twenty five per cent. (but 
less than seventy five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference

--- Page 821 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
821 
 
Entity by way of a Succession Event, and not more than twenty five per cent. of the 
Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant 
Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than twenty five per cent. of the 
Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor; 
(c) 
if more than one entity each directly or indirectly succeeds to more than twenty five 
per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity by way of a 
Succession Event, and not more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, the entities 
that succeed to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each 
be a Successor; 
(d) 
if one or more entities each directly or indirectly succeeds to more than twenty five per 
cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity by way of a 
Succession Event, and more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of 
the relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, each such 
entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor; 
(e) 
if one or more entities directly or indirectly succeeds to a portion of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, but no 
entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity and the relevant Reference Entity continues to exist, there 
will be no Successor; and 
(f) 
if one or more entities directly or indirectly succeeds to a portion of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, but no 
entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity and the relevant Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity 
which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations (or, if two or more 
entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, the entity from among 
those entities which succeeds to the greatest percentage of obligations of the Reference 
Entity) will be the sole Successor. 
For the purposes of this definition, "succeed" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and its 
Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), that a party other than the Reference Entity 
(A) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations) 
whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement or (B) issues Bonds that are 
exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case such Reference Entity is no longer an 
obligor (primarily or secondarily) or guarantor with respect to such Relevant Obligations (or 
obligations).  
"Supranational Organization" means any entity or organisation established by treaty or other 
arrangement between two or more Sovereigns or the Sovereign Agencies of two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
"T2 Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 (the Trans-European Automarket Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer System), or any successor or replacement for that system, is 
open.  
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms; provided that the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, acting in a

--- Page 822 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
822 
 
commercially reasonable manner, that (a) the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are 
substantially the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes, and (b) if such Credit Event is a Restructuring for which either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is applicable or deemed to be applicable, 
a credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Notes would be an 
"Auction Covered Transaction" for the purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Transaction Type" means, where "Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, each Reference Entity designated as one of the 
following in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
Standard North American Corporate; 
(b) 
Standard European Corporate; 
(c) 
Standard European Financial Corporate; 
(d) 
Standard Emerging European Corporate; 
(e) 
Standard Japan Corporate; 
(f) 
Standard Japan Financial Corporate; 
(g) 
Standard Japan Sovereign; 
(h) 
Standard Singapore Corporate; 
(i) 
Standard Singapore Financial Corporate; 
(j) 
Standard Singapore Sovereign; 
(k) 
Standard Asia Corporate; 
(l) 
Standard Asia Financial Corporate; 
(m) 
Standard Asia Sovereign; 
(n) 
Standard Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign; 
(o) 
Standard Western European Sovereign; 
(p) 
Standard Latin America Corporate B 
(q) 
Standard Latin America Corporate BL; 
(r) 
Standard Latin America Sovereign; 
(s) 
Standard Australia Corporate; 
(t) 
Standard Australia Financial Corporate; 
(u) 
Standard Australia Sovereign;

--- Page 823 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
823 
 
(v) 
Standard New Zealand Corporate; 
(w) 
Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate; 
(x) 
Standard New Zealand Sovereign; 
(y) 
Standard U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit; 
(z) 
Standard U.S. Municipal General Fund;  
(aa) 
Standard U.S. Municipal Revenue, 
and any other Transaction Type which may be added to the Physical Settlement Matrix from 
time to time. 
"UK" means the United Kingdom. 
"Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 10(i)(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 10(i)(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
"Underlying Obligor" has the meaning given to it in the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee". 
"Unwind Costs" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, fees, 
charges, expenses (including loss of funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates in connection with: 
(a) 
the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes; and 
(b) 
if the Issuer has elected to hedge its exposure, the related termination, settlement or re-
establishment of any hedge or related trading position. 
"Valuation Date" means: 
(a) 
if "Single Valuation Date" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 14(d) (Redemption Suspension), the date that is 
the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms after satisfaction 
of all Conditions to Settlement (or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 
five Business Days); 
(b) 
if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 14(d) (Redemption Suspension), each of the 
following dates: 
(i) 
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms after satisfaction of all Conditions to Settlement (or, if the number of 
Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days); and 
(ii) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or if the number of Business Days is not so specified,

--- Page 824 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
824 
 
five Business Days) after the date on which the Calculation Agent obtains a 
Market Value with respect to the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
(c) 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the total 
number of Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, 
five Valuation Dates). 
(d) 
if neither "Single Valuation Date" nor "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the terms of paragraph (a) of this definition shall apply as if 
"Single Valuation Date" had been specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Valuation Method" means: 
(a) 
where there is only one Valuation Date and one Reference Obligation, Highest or 
Market, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no election is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Method will be deemed to be 
Highest; 
(b) 
where there is more than one Valuation Date and one Reference Obligation, Average 
Highest, Average Market or Highest, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
provided that if no election is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation 
Method will be deemed to be Average Highest; 
(c) 
where there is one Valuation Date and more than one Reference Obligation, Blended 
Highest or Blended Market, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that 
if no election is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Method will be 
deemed to be Blended Highest; 
(d) 
where there is more than one Valuation Date and more than one Reference Obligation, 
Average Blended Highest or Average Blended Market, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, provided that if no election is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Valuation Method will be deemed to be Average Blended Highest, 
where: 
(i) 
"Average Blended Highest" means, using values with respect to each Valuation Date 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Blended Highest 
Valuation Method, the unweighted arithmetic mean of the values so determined with 
respect to each Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
"Average Blended Market" means, using values with respect to each Valuation Date 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Blended Market Valuation 
Method, the unweighted arithmetic mean of the values so determined with respect to 
each Valuation Date; 
(iii) 
"Average Highest" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "Quotation") with respect to each Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
"Average Market" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date;

--- Page 825 ---
Part C: Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity) 
 
825 
 
(v) 
"Blended Market" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values for 
each Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to the 
Valuation Date; 
(vi) 
"Blended Highest" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "Quotation") for each Reference Obligation with respect to the Valuation 
Date; 
(vii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") with respect to any 
Valuation Date; 
(viii) 
"Lowest" means the lowest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") with respect to any 
Valuation Date; and 
(ix) 
"Market" means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) to (b) of this definition, if Quotations include fewer than two 
Full Quotations, the Valuation Method shall be Market, Average Market, or Blended Market or 
Average Blended Market, as the case may be. 
"Valuation Obligation" means, where Cash Redemption applies, an obligation, as selected by 
the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, provided 
such obligations(s) is either a Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable 
Obligation as at the Valuation Date. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such 
time is specified, the time determined by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as close as 
reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Deliverable 
Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as the case may be, unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that such principal trading market would be closed at such time or such transactions are not 
being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at such time, in which event the Valuation Time 
shall be such other time as may be specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market 
is open. 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity.

--- Page 826 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
826 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 (INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS) 
PART A: INTRODUCTION TO THE INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
For the avoidance of doubt, this introduction to the Index Skew Conditions (including the worked 
examples set out in the Annex (Worked Examples in respect of Index Skew Notes) to this Part A) shall 
not form part of the Index Skew Conditions. 
The questions and answers set out below and the worked examples set out in the Annex (Worked 
Examples in respect of Index Skew Notes) to this Part A highlight selected information and provide 
practical examples to help prospective investors understand specific commercial considerations in 
respect of the Index Skew Notes. However, any decision to invest in the Index Skew Notes should only 
be made after careful consideration of the Base Prospectus and the relevant General Conditions in their 
entirety, particularly the terms and conditions of the Index Skew Notes set out in the Index Skew 
Conditions, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented 
by the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable. This section should be treated as an introduction to 
certain terms of the Index Skew Notes. It is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the 
Index Skew Conditions. 
Unless otherwise defined in the Base Prospectus, capitalised terms in relation to the following questions 
and answers shall have the meanings given to them in the Index Skew Conditions. 
What are Index Skew Notes? 
Index Skew Notes are debt securities referencing a package skew position comprising (a) a Hypothetical 
Index Untranched Transaction and (b) a Hypothetical Single Name Set where (a) and (b) have equal and 
offsetting positions with any payments resulting from a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity 
referenced by both Hypothetical Skew Transactions intended to be zero due to the application of payment 
netting (see further "What are the Hypothetical Skew Transactions?" below).  
Accordingly, the amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which investors will receive on the Index 
Skew Notes does not depend on whether certain Credit Events occur in respect of any Reference Entity 
referenced under both Hypothetical Skew Transactions, but will instead be impacted by the occurrence 
of an early redemption event. The value of the combined positions reflects the difference or the "skew" 
between the value of the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and the aggregate value of its 
component single name credit derivative transactions which comprise the index.  
What is the difference between the Index Skew Notes and Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Skew Notes may appear similar to Credit Linked Notes as they both give an investor exposure to 
underlying credit derivative transactions which are linked to the credit risk of the Reference Entity 
without having to own a bond, loan or other type of borrowed money obligation of such Reference Entity. 
An investment in Index Skew Notes or Credit Linked Notes is, therefore, not equivalent to an investment 
in the obligations of a Reference Entity.  
However, unlike Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event occurs in relation to a Reference Entity 
referenced under both Hypothetical Skew Transactions, the Index Skew Notes will not redeem early. 
Index Skew Notes are exposed to the value of the underlying hypothetical credit derivative transactions 
only where they are early redeemed (and not otherwise during the term of such Notes). As such, an

--- Page 827 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
827 
 
investor in an Index Skew Note is not a seller of credit protection and, accordingly, Index Skew Notes 
are not Credit Linked Notes. 
What are the Hypothetical Skew Transactions? 
Each Series of Index Skew Notes will reference two Hypothetical Skew Transactions, namely, a 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction (i.e. an index untranched credit derivative transaction) and 
a Hypothetical Single Name Set (i.e. a set of single name credit derivative transactions, with each single 
name transaction corresponding to an underlying Reference Entity constituent of the corresponding 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction). The Hypothetical Skew Transactions are credit derivative 
transactions that are deemed to be entered into by the Issuer and a hypothetical swap counterparty and 
intended to be traded on the basis of the 2014 ISDA Definitions (subject to certain amendments as set 
out in the Index Skew Conditions) and other standard terms for similar over-the-counter credit derivative 
transactions.  
The Issuer will be the buyer of credit protection under one Hypothetical Skew Transaction (for which 
the hypothetical swap counterparty will be the seller of credit protection) and the seller of credit 
protection under the other Hypothetical Skew Transaction (for which the hypothetical swap counterparty 
will be the buyer of credit protection). The hypothetical payment obligations of the Issuer and the 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty, where applicable, in connection with a Fixed Rate Payer Payment Date 
and related Fixed Amounts, the Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date, as applicable, with 
respect to the occurrence of a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date in respect of a 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and an off-setting Hypothetical Single Name Transaction 
will be equal and opposite. Accordingly, payment netting will apply to such hypothetical payment 
obligations resulting in no net amount being hypothetically payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical 
Swap Counterparty or vice versa under or in connection with the Index Skew Notes.  
What are the different timings for, and nature of, payouts that are contemplated under the Index Skew 
Conditions? 
The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which an investor receives will depend on whether 
redemption of the Index Skew Notes occurs (a) at maturity in the ordinary course (see further "When will 
the Index Skew Notes be ordinarily redeemed at maturity?" below), or (b) pursuant to the occurrence of 
an event (other than a Credit Event) triggering early redemption (see further "When may the Issuer 
redeem the Index Skew Notes early?" below). 
When will the Index Skew Notes be ordinarily redeemed at maturity? 
In the ordinary course and provided that the Index Skew Notes are not otherwise redeemed early, 
repurchased or cancelled, each Index Skew Note will be redeemed in full on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date at par. 
What happens if a Credit Event occurs? 
If one or more Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates occur in respect of the Reference 
Entities referenced by both Hypothetical Skew Transactions, this will not result in an early redemption 
of the Index Skew Notes.  
Under the Index Skew Conditions, an Event Determination Date will only occur in relation to a 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction where a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred and a DC 
Credit Event Announcement is made in relation to any Reference Entity under such Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction. Depending on the Settlement Method elected under the terms of the Hypothetical Skew 
Transactions, following the occurrence of a Credit Event, an Auction Settlement Amount or a Cash

--- Page 828 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
828 
 
Settlement Amount, as applicable, will be calculated under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
However, the payment under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to 
the application of payment netting and, accordingly, there will be no amount payable by the Issuer (where 
it is seller of credit protection) or to the Issuer (where it is buyer of credit protection). In such case, the 
Index Skew Note will not redeem early and, provided that the Index Skew Notes are not otherwise 
redeemed early, repurchased or cancelled, each Index Skew Note will be redeemed in full on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date at par. 
The occurrence of one or more Credit Events in respect of the Reference Entities referenced by both 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions will not impact the accrual of interest on the Index Skew Notes or result 
in any writedown of its outstanding aggregate nominal amount. Accordingly, interest will continue to be 
paid to investors as per usual until maturity.  
If the DC Secretary publicly announces that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved 
that a different entity or entities has or have become successor(s) to the original Reference Entity 
referenced by both Hypothetical Skew Transactions, then such entity/ies may be identified as a 
"Successor" to the original Reference Entity. The Index Sponsor may also identify one or more 
Successors in relation to any Reference Entity under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction, the 
identification of such Successor will also be deemed to apply to the relevant Hypothetical Single Name 
Transaction relating to such Reference Entity. In such circumstances, the identification of Successors or 
the occurrence of any Credit Event in respect of such Successors shall not impact the payment of interest, 
if any, and principal under the Index Skew Notes or result in early redemption of such Index Skew Notes. 
When may the Issuer redeem the Index Skew Notes early? 
Following the occurrence of certain events (see further "Which events may trigger an early redemption 
of the Index Skew Notes?"), the Issuer may early redeem each Index Skew Note in full on the Early 
Redemption Date or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, by payment of an amount equal to its pro 
rata share of the Index Skew Early Redemption Amount with no further payment of principal or interest, 
if applicable, due in respect of such Index Skew Notes. The Index Skew Early Redemption Amount is 
an amount determined with respect to the Index Skew Notes in the Settlement Currency and which 
reflects the par value of the Index Skew Notes (together with accrued, but unpaid, interest up to, but 
excluding the date for early redemption), plus or minus the Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, less 
any unwind costs.  
The Hypothetical Swap Termination Value reflects the termination payment that is determined to be 
payable in respect of each Hypothetical Skew Transaction following an early termination of the 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions due to an early redemption of the Index Skew Notes. Such amount shall 
be negative where the termination payment is hypothetically owed by the hypothetical swap counterparty 
to the Issuer and shall be positive where the termination payment is hypothetically owed by the Issuer to 
the hypothetical swap counterparty. The market value of the Index Skew Notes may be volatile since the 
Notes are exposed to the Hypothetical Skew Transactions which typically have a larger aggregate 
notional amount than the aggregate notional amount of the Index Skew Notes. Accordingly, any Index 
Skew Early Redemption Amount will be linked to, among other things, the difference between the pricing 
of credit protection on the relevant Index referenced by the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction 
and the constituent single name Reference Entities that comprise such Index. The value of the Index 
Skew Early Redemption Amount will account for interest that has accrued up to (but excluding) the Early 
Redemption Date or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, and there will be no further payments of 
interest to investors after such date.

--- Page 829 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
829 
 
Which events may trigger an early redemption of the Index Skew Notes?  
The Index Skew Notes may be early redeemed by the Issuer following the occurrence of (a) certain tax 
events with respect to the Index Skew Notes, (b) certain events which make it unlawful for the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Guarantor to perform certain obligations or comply with material provisions of 
agreements entered into in connection with the Index Skew Notes, (c) certain early redemption events 
occur, (d) certain Events of Default, (e) an exercise by the Issuer of its call option in respect of the Index 
Skew Notes (if "Issuer Call" is applicable), (f) in certain cases and if applicable, an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event or certain other benchmark events or (g) a Realisation Disruption Event. 
An Early Redemption Event may occur where, among other things, (a) certain adjustments have 
occurred, (b) the Issuer and/or Guarantors become subject to any withholding or reporting obligations 
pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code with respect to the Notes or a hedging disruption early 
termination event occurs, (c) in respect of certain Notes, the Calculation Agent determines in respect of 
certain Notes that no Successor Index can be determined or no adjustment to the relevant Inflation Index 
can reasonably be made, (d) in respect of certain Notes, the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made to account for the effect of an Adjustment Event, or 
(e) the Calculation Agent determines that an Obligor Regulatory Event has occurred. The relevant Early 
Redemption Events need to be specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms for such events to 
be applicable to a Series of Index Skew Notes.  
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Noteholders do not have a right to require 
the Issuer to redeem their Index Skew Notes early.

--- Page 830 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
830 
 
ANNEX: WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF INDEX SKEW NOTES 
The worked examples below are in respect of Index Skew Notes and are included for illustrative purposes 
only and should not be relied upon. They are not an indication of the likely performance of, or amounts 
payable in respect of, the Index Skew Notes. The inclusion or absence of any assumption or any other 
feature in any worked example in this Annex is not an indication that such assumption or feature will or 
will not exist in any Index Skew Note. Prospective investors should conduct their own independent review 
and obtain such professional advice as they deem appropriate prior to any investment in the Index Skew 
Notes. 
All amounts in this Annex are denominated in EUR. 
General assumptions: All examples below assume that an investor invests 10,000 in a single Index Skew 
Note with a face value of 10,000, which is linked to two hypothetical credit derivative transactions, being 
(i) a "Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction" which references an Eligible Index comprising 100 
equally weighted Reference Entities, R1 to R100 and (ii) a "Hypothetical Single Name Set" comprising 
100 hypothetical single name transactions in respect of the same 100 Reference Entities (R1 to R100), 
with each single name transaction corresponding to one Reference Entity constituent of the 
corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction (together, the "hypothetical transactions").  
(i) 
REDEMPTION AT MATURITY IN THE ORDINARY COURSE 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
no Credit Event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity;  
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity;  
(d) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; 
and 
(e) 
there are no unwind costs. 
Based on the assumptions above: 
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; 
(b) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew Note 
(10,000); and 
(c) 
on the Maturity Date, the Index Skew Note will be redeemed in full at its Index Skew 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original investment (10,000), minus any 
adjustments, amortisations, cancellations or further issues of the Index Skew Note of such Series 
on or prior to such date (0)). 
An amount equal to 10,000 will be payable to the investor.

--- Page 831 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
831 
 
(ii) 
REDEMPTION AT MATURITY (OCCURRENCE OF A CREDIT EVENT OTHER 
THAN AN M(M)R RESTRUCTURING) 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
Auction Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method under the hypothetical 
transactions; 
(c) 
a Bankruptcy Credit Event occurs in respect of R15; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity;  
(e) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; 
and 
(f) 
there are no unwind costs. 
Based on the assumptions above: 
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of the Bankruptcy Credit Event in respect of R15:  
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew 
Note (10,000) (i.e. there will be no writedown of the notional amount or suspension in 
interest payment); 
(ii) 
an Auction Settlement Amount will be calculated under each hypothetical transaction 
in respect of R15 in accordance with its terms and on the Auction Settlement Date, 
payment of such Auction Settlement Amount by the Issuer under the Hypothetical 
Index Untranched Transaction will be fully netted against the payment of the Auction 
Settlement Amount due to it under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(iii) 
the Index Skew Note will not early redeem; and 
(c) 
on the Maturity Date, the Index Skew Note will be redeemed in full at the Index Skew 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original investment (10,000), minus any 
adjustments, amortisations, cancellations or further issues of the Index Skew Note of such Series 
on or prior to such date (0)). 
An amount equal to 10,000 will be payable to the investor.  
(iii) 
REDEMPTION AT MATURITY (OCCURRENCE OF AN M(M)R RESTRUCTURING) 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
Cash Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method under the hypothetical transactions;

--- Page 832 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
832 
 
(c) 
an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event occurs in respect of part of R8; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity;  
(e) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; 
and 
(f) 
there are no unwind costs. 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of the M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event in respect of R8:  
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew 
Note (10,000) (i.e. there will be no writedown of the notional amount or suspension in 
interest payment); 
(ii) 
although the M(M)R Restructuring may have occurred only in respect of part of the 
Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount of R8, it will be deemed that that the M(M)R 
Restructuring occurred in respect of the full Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount 
of R8;  
(iii) 
a Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated under each hypothetical transaction in 
respect of R8 in accordance with its terms and on the Cash Settlement Date, payment 
of such Cash Settlement Amount by the Issuer under the Hypothetical Single Name 
Set will be fully netted against the payment of the Auction Settlement Amount due to 
it under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction; 
(iv) 
the Index Skew Note will not early redeem; and 
(c) 
on the Maturity Date, the Index Skew Note will be redeemed in full at the Index Skew 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original investment (10,000), minus any 
adjustments, amortisations, cancellations or further issues of the Index Skew Note of such Series 
on or prior to such date (0)).  
An amount equal to 10,000 will be payable to the investor.  
(iv) 
REDEMPTION AT MATURITY (OCCURRENCE OF MULTIPLE CREDIT EVENTS) 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
Auction Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method under the hypothetical 
transactions; 
(c) 
a Failure to Pay Credit Event occurs in respect of R67; 
(d) 
a second Credit Event (i.e. an M(M)R Restructuring) occurs in respect of part of R95; 
(e) 
a third Credit Event (i.e. an Obligation Acceleration) occurs in respect of R2;

--- Page 833 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
833 
 
(f) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity;  
(g) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; 
and 
(h) 
there are no unwind costs. 
Based on the assumptions above: 
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of the Credit Events in respect of R67, R95 and R2, in each case: 
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew 
Note (10,000) (i.e. there will be no writedown of the notional amount or suspension in 
interest payment); 
(ii) 
an Auction Settlement Amount will be calculated under each hypothetical transaction 
in respect of R67, R95 (and, for such purpose, although the M(M)R Restructuring may 
have occurred only in respect of part of the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount 
of R95, it will be deemed that that the M(M)R Restructuring occurred in respect of the 
full Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount of R95) in accordance with its terms and 
on the Auction Settlement Date, payment of such Auction Settlement Amount by the 
Issuer under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction will be fully netted 
against the payment of the Auction Settlement Amount due to it under the Hypothetical 
Single Name Set; 
(iii) 
the Index Skew Note will not early redeem; and 
(c) 
on the Maturity Date, the Index Skew Note will be redeemed in full at the Index Skew 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original investment (10,000), minus any 
adjustments, amortisations, cancellations or further issues of the Index Skew Note of such Series 
on or prior to such date (0)).  
An amount equal to 10,000 will be payable to the investor.  
(v) 
REDEMPTION ON THE EARLY REDEMPTION DATE (OCCURRENCE OF EARLY 
REDEMPTION EVENT ONLY) 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
no Credit Event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
an early redemption event (e.g. an Obligor Regulatory Event) occurs in respect of the 
Index Skew Note;  
(e) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; 
and

--- Page 834 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
834 
 
(f) 
unwind costs of 100 are determined. 
Based on the assumptions above: 
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; and 
(b) 
following the occurrence of the early redemption event: 
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew 
Note (10,000) only up to (but excluding) the Early Redemption Date and such unpaid 
interest amount will constitute 'x'; 
(ii) 
the hypothetical transactions will also terminate early and, in this case, we assume that 
an amount of 'y' (expressed as a positive number) is payable by the Issuer to the 
hypothetical swap counterparty as a result of such early termination; 
(iii) 
on the Early Redemption Date, the Index Skew Note will be early redeemed in full at 
the Index Skew Early Redemption Amount (Original Investment (10,000), plus 
accrued, but unpaid, interest (x), minus Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, if 
payable by Issuer (y), plus absolute value of Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, if 
payable to Issuer (0), minus unwind costs (100)).  
An amount equal to (10,000 + x – y – 100) will be payable to the investor.  
(vi) 
REDEMPTION ON THE EARLY REDEMPTION DATE (OCCURRENCE OF EARLY 
REDEMPTION EVENT AND CREDIT EVENT) 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
Cash Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method under the hypothetical transactions; 
(c) 
an Obligation Default Credit Event occurs in respect of R77; 
(d) 
a Governmental Intervention Credit Event occurs in respect of R100; 
(e) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(f) 
an early redemption event (e.g. a Section 871(m) Event) occurs in respect of the Index 
Skew Note;  
(g) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; 
and 
(h) 
unwind costs of 100 are determined. 
Based on the assumptions above: 
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of the Credit Events in respect of R77 and R100, in each case:

--- Page 835 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
835 
 
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew 
Note (10,000) (i.e. there will be no writedown of the notional amount or suspension in 
interest payment); 
(ii) 
a Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated under each hypothetical transaction in 
respect of R77 and R100 in accordance with its terms and on the Cash Settlement Date, 
payment of such Cash Settlement Amount by the Issuer under the Hypothetical Single 
Name Set will be fully netted against the payment of the Auction Settlement Amount 
due to it under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction; 
(iii) 
the Index Skew Note will not early redeem; and 
(c) 
following the occurrence of the early redemption event: 
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew 
Note (10,000) only up to (but excluding) the Early Redemption Date and such unpaid 
interest amount will constitute 'x'; 
(ii) 
the hypothetical transactions will also terminate early and, in this case, we assume that 
an amount of 'y' (expressed as a negative number) is payable to the Issuer by the 
hypothetical swap counterparty as a result of such early termination; 
(iii) 
on the Early Redemption Date, the Index Skew Note will be early redeemed in full at 
the Index Skew Early Redemption Amount (Original Investment (10,000), plus 
accrued, but unpaid, interest (x), minus Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, if 
payable by Issuer (0), plus absolute value of Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, if 
payable to Issuer (y), minus unwind costs (100)).  
An amount equal to (10,000 + x + y – 100) will be payable to the investor.

--- Page 836 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
836 
 
PART B: INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
The provisions set out in this Part B are the conditions (the "Index Skew Conditions") that will apply to 
the Notes if the applicable Issue Terms provide that "Index Skew Notes" are applicable (the "Index Skew 
Notes"). These Index Skew Conditions apply as completed by the relevant Final Terms or as completed, 
modified and/or supplemented by the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable. In the case of any 
inconsistency between these Index Skew Conditions and the General Conditions, these Index Skew 
Conditions will prevail. For the avoidance of doubt, any clarificatory language herein in bold and 
italicised shall not form part of the Index Skew Conditions. 
Words and expressions defined or used in the applicable Issue Terms shall have the same meanings 
where used in these Index Skew Conditions or General Conditions unless the context otherwise requires 
or unless otherwise stated. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2014 ISDA Definitions are 
incorporated into and will apply to these Index Skew Conditions. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Index Skew Conditions or elsewhere in the General Conditions applicable to the Index 
Skew Notes will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Issue Terms. References in these 
Index Skew Conditions to "Index Skew Notes" are to the Index Skew Notes, as the case may be, of one 
Series only, not to all Index Skew Notes that may be issued under the Programme.  
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Index Skew Conditions to an Index Skew Condition are 
to the corresponding provision of these Index Skew Conditions. 
1. 
Principal and Interest Payouts on Index Skew Notes 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Skew Notes are Notes pursuant to which the Issuer is deemed to have hypothetically 
entered into two separate Hypothetical Skew Transactions (together referred to as an Index 
Skew Position) under which the Issuer is a buyer of credit protection under one Hypothetical 
Skew Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the other Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction, such that following the occurrence of a Credit Event in respect of a Reference 
Entity referenced under both Hypothetical Skew Transactions, the Issuer's exposure under both 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions taken together offset each other. As a result, the payments 
required to be made by or to the Issuer under such Hypothetical Skew Transactions are intended 
to be zero due to the application of payment netting. 
However, if the Hypothetical Skew Transactions were to terminate early due to an early 
redemption of the Index Skew Notes, a termination payment would be determined in respect of 
each Hypothetical Skew Transaction and this may result in an amount being payable either to 
or by the Issuer. Such amount, less any unwind costs, will be reflected in the amount payable to 
Noteholders upon the early redemption of the Index Skew Notes.  
(b) 
Accrual of Interest  
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that interest is payable in respect of Index Skew Notes, 
then interest shall accrue on the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount in 
accordance with General Condition 4 (Interest) from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the earlier of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date; and (b) 
an Early Redemption Date or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, which results in the 
Index Skew Notes being redeemed in full, and payment of the relevant interest amount shall be 
made on such date. The occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of a Reference

--- Page 837 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
837 
 
Entity referenced by the relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions shall not result in a writedown 
of the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall continue to accrue and be payable on the Index 
Skew Notes as above regardless of the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect 
of a Reference Entity referenced by the relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions. No interest 
shall accrue on any Index Skew Note on or after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(c) 
Redemption on the Maturity Date  
Unless the Index Skew Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled 
by the Issuer, each outstanding Index Skew Note shall be redeemed in accordance with General 
Condition 5(a) (Final Redemption).  
(d) 
Early Redemption of the Index Skew Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount expressed to be payable in 
respect of any early redemption of the Notes pursuant to the General Conditions or the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule shall be the Index Skew Early Redemption Amount.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of one or more Credit Events in respect of the 
Reference Entities referenced by each Hypothetical Skew Transaction will not result in the 
early redemption of the Index Skew Notes and no actual amounts will be payable to the 
Noteholders under or in connection with the Index Skew Notes. In such circumstance, the 
payment under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to the 
application of payment netting.  
2. 
Entry into an Index Skew Position 
(a) 
On the Issue Date, the Issuer is deemed to have entered into an Index Skew Position with the 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty. 
(b) 
An "Index Skew Position" will be constituted by the following Hypothetical Skew 
Transactions: 
(i) 
a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction; and 
(ii) 
a Hypothetical Single Name Set, 
provided that the Issuer shall be the buyer of credit protection under one Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the other Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
(c) 
In each Index Skew Position, the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and Hypothetical 
Single Name Set will be referred to as "related" or "corresponding" to each other, and the 
relevant Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and Hypothetical Single Name 
Transactions will be the "constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions" in respect of such 
Index Skew Position.  
(d) 
In order to preserve the equal and opposite effect of each Hypothetical Skew Transaction, save 
in the case of any calculation relating to the Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, any 
determination or action taken by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer under any Hypothetical 
Skew Transaction shall be deemed to be a determination or action taken under the other 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction and where relevant, in equal amounts.

--- Page 838 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
838 
 
3. 
Initial Payment and Offsetting Settlements 
(a) 
No Initial Payment Amount will be made by the Issuer or the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty 
on the Issue Date. 
(b) 
The hypothetical payment obligations of the Issuer and the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty 
(where applicable) in connection with a Fixed Rate Payer Payment Date and related Fixed 
Amounts, the Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date (as applicable) with respect to 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date in respect of a 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and an off-setting Hypothetical Single Name 
Transaction will be equal and opposite, and therefore no net amount in respect thereof would 
be hypothetically payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or vice versa 
under or in connection with the Index Skew Notes as a result thereof due to the application of 
payment netting. 
4. 
Applicable Event Determination Date 
Notwithstanding the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions or anything to the contrary 
contained in the Hypothetical Skew Confirmation, an Event Determination Date will only occur 
in relation to the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transaction where: 
(a) 
a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred and a DC Credit Event 
Announcement is made in relation to any Reference Entity under the constituent 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction; or 
(b) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered, or deemed to have been delivered, by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer (and, in turn, the Issuer will be deemed to have 
delivered such Credit Event Notice to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty). 
5. 
Cash Settlement 
Where "Fallback Settlement" applies, the Calculation Agent may (but shall not be obliged to) 
apply Cash Settlement to determine the Final Price for the relevant component of the 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and the corresponding Hypothetical Single Name 
Transaction referencing the same Reference Entity. In such circumstances, the Cash Settlement 
Amount relating to the relevant component of the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction 
and the corresponding Hypothetical Single Name Transaction referencing the same Reference 
Entity shall be determined on the basis of the same quotation resulting in the same Final Price. 
6. 
Merger of Reference Entity and Seller 
Section 11.4 (Merger of Reference Entity and Seller) of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions will not apply to any Hypothetical Skew Transaction.  
7. 
M(M)R Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity referenced 
by the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transaction, the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer 
under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with 
respect to such M(M)R Restructuring. Where the relevant Reference Entity is subject to a partial 
M(M)R Restructuring, the Calculation Agent will be required to deliver to the Issuer a Credit 
Event Notice for the portion of the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount in respect of such 
Reference Entity with respect to each Hypothetical Skew Transaction and such amount shall be

--- Page 839 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
839 
 
deemed to be the Exercise Amount, provided that where a full M(M)R Restructuring has 
occurred, the Exercise Amount will be the total Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Reference Entity (and not a portion thereof) with respect to each Hypothetical 
Skew Transaction, and in such case, a single Credit Event Notice for the total Floating Rate 
Payer Calculation Amount will be deemed to have been delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer (and, in turn, in each case, the Issuer will be deemed to have delivered such Credit 
Event Notice to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty).  
8. 
Successors 
(a) 
Following a succession, if more than one Successor has been identified in relation to any 
Reference Entity under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction pursuant to Section 2.2 (Provisions 
for Determining a Successor) of the Credit Derivatives Definitions, each such Successor will 
be a Reference Entity (a "Successor Reference Entity") for the purposes of the constituent 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions referencing such Reference Entity (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the original Reference Entity shall cease to be a Reference Entity except where it is a 
Successor Reference Entity). 
(b) 
In the case where the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee does not identify any 
Successor in relation to any Reference Entity under a relevant Hypothetical Single Name 
Transaction and the Index Sponsor identifies one or more Successors in relation to any 
Reference Entity under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction, the identification of 
such Successor will also be deemed to apply to the relevant Hypothetical Single Name 
Transaction relating to such Reference Entity.  
9. 
Reference Obligations 
Where there is no Standard Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a 
replacement Reference Obligation in relation to any Reference Entity under the Hypothetical 
Index Untranched Transaction, the identification of such Reference Obligation will also be 
deemed to apply to the relevant Hypothetical Single Name Transaction. Where a Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation applies to the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions, the same Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will apply with respect to the relevant Reference Entity for the 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and each Hypothetical Single Name Transaction in 
the related Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
10. 
Changes in determination 
If any matter to be determined by a party hereunder has also been determined by the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee then such party may, in its sole discretion, make 
its determination or change any determination previously made by it so as to be consistent with 
the relevant determination of such Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, provided that 
any such determination or change in determination shall be applied equally to the constituent 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions in order to achieve the same economic effect under each such 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
11. 
Deemed changes to the Index Annex  
If there are deemed changes to the Index Annex with respect to the Eligible Index, the same 
changes shall be applied equally to the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions in order to 
achieve the same economic effect under each such Hypothetical Skew Transaction.

--- Page 840 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
840 
 
12. 
Optional Early Redemption 
If the Issuer exercises its option to early redeem the Index Skew Notes in accordance with 
General Condition 5(g) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), then notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in the Conditions, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be the Index Skew 
Early Redemption Amount.  
13. 
Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Index Skew Notes should be read in conjunction 
with the Index Skew Conditions. Where terms are used but not defined in these Index Skew 
Conditions, they will have the meaning given to them in the Terms and Conditions. 
"2014 ISDA Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published 
by ISDA, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Eligible Index" means, in respect of a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction, any credit 
index as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion and as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
"Hypothetical Index Untranched Swap Confirmation" means a confirmation in respect of 
and evidencing a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction that: 
(a) 
is deemed to be documented under the "Documentation Form" specified in the Issue 
Terms;  
(b) 
incorporates the 2014 ISDA Definitions and any relevant supplements set out in the 
Issue Terms; and  
(c) 
with respect to any Reference Entity referenced in the Eligible Index, has the terms as 
set out in the "Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction General Terms" as specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
"Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction" means a hypothetical index untranched credit 
derivative transaction under which the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection (where the Issuer 
is the seller of credit protection under the corresponding Hypothetical Single Name Set) or the 
seller of credit protection (where the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the 
corresponding Hypothetical Single Name Set) that: 
(a) 
references an Eligible Index with a Scheduled Termination Date as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
(b) 
is denominated in the currency in which such Eligible Index trades; and 
(c) 
has an Original Notional Amount set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement" means a hypothetical single agreement in the pre-
printed form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and Schedule thereto hypothetically entered 
into between the Issuer and the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty on the Issue Date, with the 
following elections in such Schedule: 
(a) 
Termination Currency is the Settlement Currency of the Index Skew Notes;

--- Page 841 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
841 
 
(b) 
the governing law is English law; and  
(c) 
the Calculation Agent is specified as the "Calculation Agent". 
"Hypothetical Single Name Set" means a set of Hypothetical Single Name Transactions. 
"Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation" means a confirmation in respect of and 
evidencing a Hypothetical Single Name Transaction that: 
(a) 
deemed to be documented under the "Documentation Form" specified in the Issue 
Terms; 
(b) 
incorporates the 2014 ISDA Definitions and any relevant supplements set out in the 
Issue Terms; and  
(c) 
with respect to any Reference Entity referenced in the Eligible Index, has the terms as 
set out in the "Hypothetical Single Name Transaction General Terms" as specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Hypothetical Single Name Transaction" means a hypothetical single name credit derivative 
transaction under which the Issuer is either the buyer of credit protection (where the Issuer is 
the seller of credit protection under the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction) or the seller of credit protection (where the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection 
under the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction) that: 
(a) 
references one of the Reference Entities and related Reference Obligation contained in 
the Eligible Index referenced by the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and specified as one of the Reference Entities in the Hypothetical Index 
Untranched Swap Confirmation; 
(b) 
in aggregate, together with other constituent Hypothetical Single Name Transactions 
in the relevant Hypothetical Single Name Set, offset the exposure of the corresponding 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction;  
(c) 
is denominated in the currency in which such Eligible Index trades; 
(d) 
has the same Scheduled Termination Date as the Eligible Index; and 
(e) 
has a Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount equal to the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount of the same Reference Entity referenced by the corresponding Hypothetical 
Index Untranched Transaction. 
"Hypothetical Skew Confirmation" means the Hypothetical Index Untranched Swap 
Confirmation and the Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation, each of which will be 
deemed to supplement, form part of and be subject to, the Hypothetical ISDA Master 
Agreement. 
"Hypothetical Skew Transaction" means, at any time, the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and each Hypothetical Single Name Transaction within the Hypothetical Single 
Name Set, to the extent outstanding at such time. Each outstanding Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction, as evidenced by the Hypothetical Skew Confirmation will be deemed to constitute 
a Transaction under and for the purposes of the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement for as

--- Page 842 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
842 
 
long as it is outstanding (and shall be the only Transactions under the Hypothetical ISDA Master 
Agreement).  
"Hypothetical Swap Counterparty" means a hypothetical entity with materially the same 
market, accounting, tax and regulatory profile as Citibank, N.A. (or one of its branches), 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited or such other entity as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Hypothetical Swap Termination Value" means an amount (which may be positive or 
negative), denominated in the Settlement Currency and determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Early Termination Date (as designated pursuant to paragraph (b) of this definition below) 
equal to the amount which would hypothetically be payable in connection with Section 6(e) 
(Payments on Early Termination) of the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement as if: 
(a) 
an Additional Termination Event had occurred in respect of which the Issuer is the sole 
Affected Party and all Transactions are Affected Transactions;  
(b) 
in connection with such Additional Termination Event, the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty had validly designated a day during the period on and from the date of 
the event or circumstance giving rise to the early redemption of the Index Skew Notes 
pursuant to the Terms and Conditions to but excluding the Early Redemption Date or 
the Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, as an Early Termination Date; and  
(c) 
there were no Unpaid Amounts as of such Early Redemption Date or Optional 
Redemption Date, as applicable.  
The Hypothetical Swap Termination Value will be expressed as (x) a negative number if it 
would be hypothetically payable by the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, and (y) 
a positive number if it would hypothetically be payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty. The terms "Additional Termination Event", "Affected Party", "Affected 
Transactions", "Early Termination Date", "Transactions" and "Unpaid Amounts" will have the 
meaning given to them in the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement. 
"Index Skew Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Index Skew Note, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to a minimum of zero) in the Settlement 
Currency equal to such Index Skew Note's pro rata share of: 
(a) 
the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(b) 
accrued, but unpaid, interest on such Index Skew Notes to (but excluding) the Early 
Redemption Date or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable; minus 
(c) 
the Hypothetical Swap Termination Value; minus 
(d) 
unwind costs, if any, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount" means, in respect of Index Skew 
Notes, on any day, an amount equal to the original aggregate nominal amount of such Index 
Skew Notes, as adjusted for any partial redemptions, amortisations, cancellations or further 
issues of the Index Skew Notes of such Series on or prior to such date.

--- Page 843 ---
Underlying Schedule 4 (Index Skew Conditions) 
 
843 
 
"Index Skew Position" has the meaning given to it in Index Skew Condition 2 (Entry into an 
Index Skew Position).

--- Page 844 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
844 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 (FX RATE CONDITIONS)  
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"FX Rate". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Notes linked to FX Rates or any other Notes where this Underlying Schedule is specifically stated to 
apply in the applicable Issue Terms. 
PART A 
The provisions of this Part A apply where EMTA provisions are not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Base Currency" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in 
respect of such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Currency Pair" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the Quote Currency and the Base 
Currency specified for such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Event Currency" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the Quote Currency and/or the Base 
Currency, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Event Currency Jurisdiction" means, in respect of an Event Currency, the country for which 
such Event Currency is the lawful currency. 
"Exchange Rate" means the spot rate of exchange for exchange of the relevant Quote Currency 
into the relevant Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or parts thereof) of the Quote 
Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) which appears on the 
relevant Electronic Page at approximately the Valuation Time, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"FX Rate" means: 
(a) 
where "cross-rate/formula" is not specified as applicable for such FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Exchange Rate for such FX Rate, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
where "cross-rate/formula" is specified as applicable for such FX Rate in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the "inverse of" and/or the "product of" and/or the "quotient of" (in each 
case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) each Exchange Rate specified for such 
FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"FX Rate Condition" means each condition specified in Part A of this Underlying Schedule. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of 
the financial markets (including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction.

--- Page 845 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
845 
 
"Non-Event Currency" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate and the relevant Currency Pair, 
the currency of such Currency Pair which is not the Event Currency. 
"Price Materiality Percentage" means, in respect of Price Materiality, the percentage specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Primary Rate" means, in respect of Price Materiality, the currency exchange rate determined 
as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Quote Currency" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in 
respect of such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits), or but for the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day would have settled payments and been open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each of the Specified Financial 
Centres specified for such FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms and, if the specified Financial 
Centres are specified to be or include "T2" or "T2 Business Day" a Scheduled Trading Day shall 
also be a T2 Business Day. 
"Secondary Rate" means, in respect of Price Materiality, the currency exchange rate 
determined as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Specified Financial Centre(s)" means the financial centre(s) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate for such 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant Exchange 
Rate(s). 
(b) 
Intraday Valuations 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate observed continuously 
during such Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant 
Exchange Rate(s). 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s), any 
Scheduled Trading Day for such FX Rate on which a Market Disruption Event occurs. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Currency Disruption Event" means any of Dual Exchange Rate, General Inconvertibility, 
General Non-Transferability, Governmental Authority Default, Illiquidity, Material Change in 
Circumstances, Nationalisation, Price Materiality, Specific Inconvertibility and Specific Non-
Transferability, each such term as defined below, and any other event specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 846 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
846 
 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, the split of any Exchange Rate specified for such FX Rate into dual or multiple currency 
exchange rates. 
"General Inconvertibility" means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s) 
and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that generally makes 
it impossible or not reasonably practicable to convert any relevant Event Currency into the 
relevant Non-Event Currency in the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction through customary 
legal channels. 
"General Non-Transferability" means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate 
and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that generally makes 
it impossible or not reasonably practicable to deliver (a) any relevant Non-Event Currency from 
accounts inside the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside the relevant Event 
Currency Jurisdiction or (b) any relevant Event Currency between accounts inside the relevant 
Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of such Event Currency 
Jurisdiction. 
"Governmental Authority Default" means, with respect to any security or indebtedness for 
borrowed money of, or guaranteed by, any Governmental Authority, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default, or other similar condition or event (however described), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, including, but not limited to, (A) the failure of timely payment in full of any 
principal, interest, or other amounts due (without giving effect to any applicable grace periods) 
in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or guarantee, (B) a declared 
moratorium, standstill, waiver, deferral, Repudiation, or rescheduling of any principal, interest, 
or other amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or 
guarantee or (C) the amendment or modification of the terms and conditions of payment of any 
principal, interest, or other amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for 
borrowed money, or guarantee without the consent of all holders of such obligation. The 
determination of the existence or occurrence of any default, event of default, or other similar 
condition or event shall be made without regard to any lack or alleged lack of authority or 
capacity of such Governmental Authority to issue or enter into such security, indebtedness for 
borrowed money, or guarantee. 
"Illiquidity" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to obtain a firm quote to 
determine the relevant rate(s) required to calculate the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying 
Level (as relevant) for any relevant amount at the relevant time on the relevant Valuation Date 
(or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, 
be published or announced by the relevant price source). 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s), 
the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any Price Source 
Disruption and/or any Trading Suspension or Limitation and/or any Currency Disruption Event 
specified in respect of such FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Material Change in Circumstances" means the occurrence of an event in an Event Currency 
Jurisdiction beyond the control of any Hedging Party which makes it impossible or not 
reasonably practicable for (i) any Hedging Party to fulfil its obligations under any Hedging 
Position and (ii) for any entity generally to fulfil obligations similar to such Hedging Party's 
obligations under any Hedging Position.

--- Page 847 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
847 
 
"Nationalisation" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any expropriation, 
confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by a Governmental Authority which 
deprives any Hedging Party of all or substantially all of its assets in any Event Currency 
Jurisdiction. 
"Price Materiality" means the Primary Rate differs from the Secondary Rate by at least the 
Price Materiality Percentage, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Price Source Disruption" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date and as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to 
obtain the relevant rate(s) required to calculate the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying 
Level (as relevant) on such Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such 
Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced on the relevant 
Electronic Page). 
"Repudiation" means, in respect of a Governmental Authority Default, the relevant 
Governmental Authority disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates, or rejects, in whole or in part, or 
challenges the validity of any security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or guarantee of such 
Governmental Authority in any material respect. 
"Specific Inconvertibility" means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, 
limiting, restricting, making it impossible or not reasonably practicable for any Hedging Party 
to convert the whole, or part thereof, of any relevant amount in any relevant Event Currency 
into the relevant Non-Event Currency in the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction (including, 
without limitation, by reason of any delays, increased costs or discriminatory rates of exchange 
or any current or future restrictions on the repatriation of any relevant Event Currency into the 
relevant Non-Event Currency) other than where such hindrance, limitation, restriction, 
impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure by such Hedging Party to comply with 
any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible or not reasonably practicable for 
such Hedging Party, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation). 
"Specific Non-Transferability" means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, 
limiting, restricting, making it impossible or not reasonably practicable for any Hedging Party 
to deliver (a) any relevant amount in any relevant Non-Event Currency from accounts inside the 
relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside such Event Currency Jurisdiction or 
(b) any relevant amount in any relevant Event Currency between accounts inside the relevant 
Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of such Event Currency 
Jurisdiction (including, without limitation, by reason of any delays, increased costs or 
discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on the repatriation of any 
relevant Event Currency into the relevant Non-Event Currency), other than where such 
hindrance, limitation, restriction, impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure by 
such Hedging Party to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible 
or not reasonably practicable for such Hedging Party, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Trading Suspension or Limitation" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date 
and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the suspension of and/or limitation of trading in 
the rate(s) required to calculate such FX Rate (which may be, without limitation, rates quoted

--- Page 848 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
848 
 
on any over-the-counter or quotation-based market, whether regulated or unregulated) for such 
Valuation Date PROVIDED THAT such suspension or limitation of trading is material in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of an FX Rate if FX Rate 
Part A Condition 4 is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: after the Trade Date 
and on or before any relevant payment date, a relevant country has lawfully eliminated, 
converted, redenominated, or exchanged its currency in effect on the Issue Date or any lawful 
successor currency thereto (the "Successor Currency"), as the case may be (the "Original 
Currency"), for a Successor Currency. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Events shall apply in respect of FX Rates. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Corrections of published or announced rates 
"Correction Period" means, in respect of an FX Rate, five Business Days. 
(b) 
Certain Published and Displayed Sources 
If any Exchange Rate is published or announced by more than one price source (including the 
relevant Electronic Page) and the Electronic Page fails to publish or announce that currency 
exchange rate on any relevant Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such 
Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced on the relevant 
Electronic Page), then the relevant Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level (as relevant) 
for such Valuation Date may be determined as if the applicable Issue Terms had specified any 
other available price source which actually publishes or announces such currency exchange rate 
on such Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such Valuation Date would, 
in the ordinary course, be published or announced by such price source) as the applicable 
Electronic Page. 
If any Exchange Rate comprising any applicable FX Rate is reported, sanctioned, recognised, 
published, announced, or adopted (or other similar action) by the relevant Governmental 
Authority, and such currency exchange rate ceases to exist and is replaced by a successor 
currency exchange rate that is reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, announced, or 
adopted (or other similar action) by such Governmental Authority (the "Official Successor 
Rate"), then the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level (as applicable) for the relevant 
Valuation Date may be determined as if the applicable Issue Terms had specified any available 
price source which publishes or announces the Official Successor Rate (including, but not 
limited to, an official publication of that Governmental Authority) on such Valuation Date (or, 
if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the relevant price source) as the applicable Electronic Page.  
(c) 
Settlement Disruption 
Where Settlement Disruption is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the Notes cannot

--- Page 849 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
849 
 
be made by the Issuer in the Settlement Currency on any date on which payment is scheduled 
to be made under the Notes (a "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date") due to: 
(i) 
the imposition of laws or regulations by any Governmental Authority of the country 
for which the Settlement Currency is the lawful currency (the Settlement Currency 
Jurisdiction) which (a) require non-residents of the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction 
to obtain permission from such central banking authority or other authority to obtain 
the Settlement Currency, or (b) otherwise restrict a non-resident's ability to obtain the 
Settlement Currency, or (c) otherwise regulate the purchase or holding of the 
Settlement Currency by non-residents of the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction such that 
costs are imposed in obtaining the Settlement Currency which would not be imposed 
in the absence of such regulations, or (d) has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, 
limiting or restricting the transfer of the Settlement Currency between non-residents of 
the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or (e) materially restricts non-residents from 
transferring the Settlement Currency from the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction to the 
country of incorporation of such non-resident; or 
(ii) 
any Relevant Clearing System suspending or ceasing to accept the Settlement 
Currency as a settlement currency; or 
(iii) 
the Settlement Currency's replacement or disuse or the Settlement Currency, or any 
Successor Currency, no longer being used by the government of the Settlement 
Currency Jurisdiction or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions within 
the international banking community; or  
(iv) 
the illiquidity of the Settlement Currency in the relevant market; or 
(v) 
any other circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer (including but not limited to 
a natural or man-made disaster, armed conflict, act of terrorism, riot or labour 
disruption), 
(each a "Currency Settlement Disruption Event") then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy 
its obligations to the Noteholders by either (i) delaying any such payment until after the 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event ceases to exist or (ii) making such payment in United 
States dollars ("USD") (such payment converted into USD by reference to such currency 
exchange rate displayed on such price source or otherwise as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine) on, or as soon as reasonably practicable (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) 
after, the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date. Any such delayed payment or payment in USD 
will not constitute a default and Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other 
payment in respect of any such delay. 
PART B 
The provisions of this Part B apply where EMTA Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date, 
that the Calculation Agent will determine the FX Rate for such Valuation Date taking into 
consideration all available information that it deems relevant.

--- Page 850 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
850 
 
"Disruption Event" means an event that would give rise, in accordance with an applicable 
Disruption Fallback, to an alternative basis for determining the FX Rate being in respect of an 
FX Rate, any related First Fallback Reference Rate or any related Second Fallback Reference 
Rate, as the case may be, the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
of any Price Source Disruption and/or any Price Materiality, if specified in respect of the FX 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Disruption Fallback" means each of Calculation Agent Determination, First Fallback 
Reference Price, Second Fallback Reference Price, Valuation Postponement which are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Exchange Rate" means the Reference Currency/Settlement Currency offered rate for the 
Settlement Currency expressed as the amount of the Reference Currency per one unit of the 
Settlement Currency for settlement in the Number of Settlement Business Days.  
"First Fallback Reference Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate (if any) specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, which shall be the Exchange Rate for such FX Rate as 
reported or, as the case may be, announced, by the First Fallback Rate Source on the First 
Fallback Electronic Page at approximately the First Fallback Valuation Time (or as soon 
thereafter as practicable). For which purpose: 
"First Fallback Electronic Page" means, in respect of the First Fallback Reference 
Rate, the Electronic Page specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"First Fallback Rate Source" means, in respect of a First Fallback Reference Rate, 
the source or source(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms for such First 
Fallback Reference Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include any 
methodology used by such source in determining the relevant rate. 
"First Fallback Reference Price" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified 
Valuation Date, that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing 
Level of the relevant FX Rate for such Valuation Date using the First Fallback 
Reference Rate, unless such rate is subject to a Disruption Event, in which case the FX 
Rate will be determined in accordance with the provisions of the next applicable 
Disruption Fallback.  
"First Fallback Valuation Time" means, in respect of the First Fallback Reference 
Rate, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"FX Rate" means, in respect of each Underlying specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Exchange Rate, as reported or, as the case may be, announced, by the FX Rate Source. 
"FX Rate Condition" means each Condition specified in Part B of this Underlying Schedule. 
"FX Rate Source" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the source or source(s) specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms for such FX Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include 
any methodology used by such source in determining the relevant rate. 
"Number of Settlement Business Days" means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related 
Exchange Rate, the number of Reference Currency Business Days specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 851 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
851 
 
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, either (a) the 
Primary Rate differs from any Secondary Rate by at the least the Price Materiality Percentage 
or (b) there are insufficient responses on the Specified Valuation Date to the relevant survey 
used in calculating the First Fallback Reference Price or, as the case may be, the Second 
Fallback Reference Price. 
"Price Materiality Percentage" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Price Source Disruption" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, it becomes 
impossible to obtain the FX Rate, any related First Fallback Reference Rate or any related 
Second Fallback Reference Rate, as the case may be, on the Specified Valuation Date (or, if 
different the day on which rates for that Specified Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, 
be published or announced by the relevant price source). 
"Primary Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Reference Currency Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, 
but for the occurrence of any Disruption Event, would have been open) for business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in (i) the or each Settlement Currency Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (a "Settlement Currency Business Day") and (ii) any of the Reference Currency 
Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, for the purposes of the definition 
of Valuation Date and the occurrence of a Disruption Event, a Reference Currency Business 
Day will include any day on which commercial banks would have been open but for the 
occurrence in the jurisdiction of the Reference Currency of a banking moratorium or other 
similar event related to any Disruption Event. 
"Second Fallback Reference Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate (if any) specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which shall be the Exchange Rate as reported or, as the 
case may be, announced, by the Second Fallback Rate Source on the Second Fallback Electronic 
Page at approximately the Second Fallback Valuation Time (or as soon thereafter as 
practicable). For which purpose: 
"Second Fallback Electronic Page" means, in respect of the Second Fallback Reference Rate, 
the Electronic Page specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Second Fallback Rate Source" means, in respect of a Second Fallback Reference Rate, the 
source or source(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms for such Second Fallback 
Reference Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include any methodology used by such 
source in determining the relevant rate. 
"Second Fallback Reference Price" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date, 
that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level of the relevant FX 
Rate for such Valuation Date using the Second Fallback Reference Rate, unless such rate is 
subject to a Disruption Event, in which case the FX Rate will be determined in accordance with 
the provisions of the next applicable Disruption Fallback.  
"Second Fallback Valuation Time" means, in respect of the Second Fallback Reference Rate, 
the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 852 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
852 
 
"Secondary Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the or each rate(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate, a Reference Currency Business 
Day PROVIDED THAT, where the Reference Currency is Brazilian real ("BRL") and the 
Settlement Currency is United States dollars ("USD"), if the Specified Valuation Date falls on 
a day that, as at the Trade Date, is not a Settlement Currency Business Day, then such day shall 
be a Scheduled Trading Day notwithstanding that, due to not being a Settlement Currency 
Business Day only, it is not a Reference Currency Business Day. 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified Valuation Date, a day 
that is not a Reference Currency Business Day and, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the market was not aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by 
reference to other publicly available information) until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in 
the principal financial centre of the Reference Currency two Reference Currency Business Days 
prior to the Specified Valuation Date. 
"Valuation Postponement" means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified Valuation Date, 
that if the relevant Disruption Event is (i) a Price Source Disruption, the Underlying Closing 
Level will be determined on the Reference Currency Business Day first succeeding the day on 
which the Price Source Disruption ceases to exist unless, subject to the provisions of FX Rate 
Condition 6(d) (Cut-off Valuation Date for cumulative events) below, the Price Source 
Disruption continues to exist (measured from the date that, but for the occurrence of the Price 
Source Disruption, would have been the Valuation Date) for the number of Maximum Days of 
Postponement. In such event, the FX Rate will be determined on the next Reference Currency 
Business Day after the day falling the Maximum Days of Postponement (and such date shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date) in accordance with the provisions set out in the next applicable 
Disruption Fallback or (ii) if the relevant Disruption Event is a Price Materiality, the FX Rate 
will be determined in accordance with the provisions set out in the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
"Underlying Closing Level" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate for such 
Valuation Date as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page(s) at approximately the Valuation 
Time (or as soon thereafter as practicable) on the Valuation Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Intraday Valuations 
"Underlying Level" does not apply to an FX Rate to which the EMTA Provisions apply.  
(c) 
Valuation Time 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an FX Rate, the time specified for such FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an FX Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day for such FX 
Rate on which a Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing.

--- Page 853 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
853 
 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of an FX Rate if FX Rate 
Part B Condition 4 is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(i) 
any Relevant Rate which as of the Trade Date is reported, sanctioned, recognised, 
published, announced or adopted (or other similar action) by the relevant 
Governmental Authority and any such Relevant Rate ceases to exist and is replaced by 
a successor currency exchange rate that is reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, 
announced or adopted (or other similar action) by such Governmental Authority (the 
"Official Successor Rate"), then the Relevant Rate will be determined as provided 
herein by reference to such Official Successor Rate and the price source which 
publishes or announces (or, but for the occurrence of a Disruption Event, would have 
published or announced) such Official Successor Rate (including, but not limited to, 
an official publication of that Governmental Authority); 
(ii) 
the FX Rate Source as sponsor and/or administrator of a Relevant Rate officially 
designates or appoints a successor sponsor and/or administrator entity for that Relevant 
Rate, then such lawfully designated or appointed successor entity shall be deemed to 
be the lawful sponsor and/or administrator entity of such Relevant Rate; and 
(iii) 
if, after the Trade Date and on or before any relevant payment date, a relevant country 
has lawfully eliminated, converted, redenominated or exchanged its currency in effect 
on the Trade Date or any lawful successor currency thereto (the "Successor 
Currency"), as the case may be (the "Original Currency"), for a Successor Currency. 
For the purposes of the above, "Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure 
government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of 
financial markets (including the central bank) of the jurisdiction of the Reference Currency. 
"Relevant Rate" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the FX Rate, any First Fallback Reference 
Rate and any Second Fallback Reference Rate. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Events shall apply in respect of FX Rates. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Unless Correction Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of an FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(j) (Correction 
of published or announced prices or levels) do not apply in respect of an FX Rate. 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days)) do not apply in respect of an FX Rate. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for an FX Rate then the Valuation 
Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day falling first preceding such Specified Valuation Date

--- Page 854 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
854 
 
EXCEPT, in the event of the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday on such Specified 
Valuation Date, in which case the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately succeeding such Scheduled Trading Day, subject as follows and as provided in FX 
Rate Condition 6(d) (Cut-off Valuation Date for cumulative events) below. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is postponed due to the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday on 
a Scheduled Trading Day as provided above and the Valuation Date has not occurred on or 
before the day falling the Maximum Days of Postponement after the Specified Valuation Date 
(any such period being a Deferral Period), then the next day after the Deferral Period that would 
have been a Scheduled Trading Day but for the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday, shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date, unless such day is a Disrupted Day for the FX Rate, in which 
case the provisions of FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Disrupted Day) below will apply.  
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Scheduled Trading Days, then the adjustment provisions above prevail and consequently all 
references to "for all of the Underlyings" and "for any of the Underlyings" in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(c)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days) shall 
be construed not to include any Underlying that is an FX Rate.  
(c) 
Disrupted Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) and Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(e) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing 
Levels))) do not apply in respect of an FX Rate. 
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
FX Rate Condition 6(b) (Scheduled Trading Day) above) is a Disrupted Day for an FX Rate, 
then, in order to determine the Underlying Closing Level of such FX Rate for such Valuation 
Date, the Underlying Closing Level shall be determined in accordance with the first applicable 
Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms) which provides the Underlying 
Closing Level of such FX Rate for such Valuation Date. 
Where the applicable Disruption Fallback is a Disruption Fallback other than Valuation 
Postponement, the relevant Specified Valuation Date shall not be adjusted in relation to such 
FX Rate, the Disruption Fallback provisions set out below shall apply thereto and the provisions 
of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days 
and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall only apply in relation to Underlying(s) other than such 
FX Rate (if any). For the avoidance of doubt, where "Move In Block" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to Disrupted Days, then the adjustment 
provisions above prevail and consequently all references to "for all of the Underlyings" in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days 
and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall be construed not to include any Underlying that is an FX 
Rate. 
If an Underlying Closing Level of an FX Rate is to be determined on a day which is a Disrupted 
Day or is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such FX Rate, then the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback will apply. 
(d) 
Cut-off Valuation Date for cumulative events 
Notwithstanding the cut-off provisions set out in the definition of Valuation Postponement and 
in FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Disrupted Day) above, in no event shall the total number of

--- Page 855 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
855 
 
consecutive calendar days during which either (i) valuation is deferred due to an Unscheduled 
Holiday or (ii) a Valuation Postponement shall occur (or any combination of (i) and (ii)), exceed 
the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate.  
Accordingly, (x) if upon the lapse of the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate, an 
Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day following the Maximum 
Days of Postponement, then such day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date and (y) if, upon 
the lapse of the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate, a Price Source Disruption 
shall have occurred or be continuing on the day following the Maximum Days of Postponement, 
such date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date and the relevant FX Rate shall be determined 
in accordance with the next Disruption Fallback. 
The Cut-off Valuation Date provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 1 
(Underlying Valuation Provisions and Fallback Provisions for Notes other than Underlying 
Linked Notes) do not apply to an Underlying that is an FX Rate and, accordingly, pursuant to 
the above provisions, a scheduled date for payment of any amount in respect of the Notes will 
be deferred, if later, until the Number of Settlement Business Days (or such other number of 
days (the "Number of Postponement Days") specified in the applicable Issue Terms) following 
the relevant Valuation Date and such Cut-off Valuation Date provisions shall only apply to any 
Underlying other than an FX Rate (save as otherwise provided in the relevant Underlying 
Schedule applicable to any such Underlying). 
(e) 
Settlement Disruption 
Where Settlement Disruption is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the Notes cannot 
be made by the Issuer in the Settlement Currency on any date on which payment is scheduled 
to be made under the Notes (a "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date") due to: 
(i) 
the imposition of laws or regulations by any Governmental Authority of the country 
for which the Settlement Currency is the lawful currency (the "Settlement Currency 
Jurisdiction") which (a) require non-residents of the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction 
to obtain permission from such central banking authority or other authority to obtain 
the Settlement Currency, or (b) otherwise restrict a non-resident's ability to obtain the 
Settlement Currency, or (c) otherwise regulate the purchase or holding of the 
Settlement Currency by non-residents of the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction such that 
costs are imposed in obtaining the Settlement Currency which would not be imposed 
in the absence of such regulations, or (d) has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, 
limiting or restricting the transfer of the Settlement Currency between non-residents of 
the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction or (e) materially restricts non-residents from 
transferring the Settlement Currency from the Settlement Currency Jurisdiction to the 
country of incorporation of such non-resident; or 
(ii) 
any Relevant Clearing System suspending or ceasing to accept the Settlement 
Currency as a settlement currency; or 
(iii) 
the Settlement Currency's replacement or disuse or the Settlement Currency, or any 
Successor Currency, no longer being used by the government of the Settlement 
Currency Jurisdiction or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions within 
the international banking community; or  
(iv) 
the illiquidity of the Settlement Currency in the relevant market; or

--- Page 856 ---
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) 
 
856 
 
(v) 
any other circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer (including but not limited to 
a natural or man-made disaster, armed conflict, act of terrorism, riot or labour 
disruption), 
(each a "Currency Settlement Disruption Event") then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy 
its obligations to the Noteholders by either (i) delaying any such payment until after the 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event ceases to exist or (ii) making such payment in USD (such 
payment converted into USD by reference to such currency exchange rate displayed on such 
price source or otherwise as the Calculation Agent shall determine) on, or as soon as reasonably 
practicable (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) after, the Relevant Scheduled Payment 
Date. Any such delayed payment or payment in USD will not constitute a default and 
Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in respect of any such 
delay.".

--- Page 857 ---
Schedule A – Citigroup Inc. TLAC eligible Notes 
 
857 
 
SCHEDULE A – CITIGROUP INC. TLAC ELIGIBLE NOTES 
 
The General Conditions of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. shall be amended as follows where Schedule 
A is specified to apply to the relevant Notes in the applicable Issue Terms:  
1. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
The following shall be inserted at the end of General Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) 
as General Condition 5(i): 
"(h) 
Regulatory Approval 
The redemption or repurchase of any Note that is included in Citigroup Inc.'s capital 
and total loss absorbing capacity may be subject to prior approval of the Federal 
Reserve of the United States, which may not acquiesce in the redemption or repurchase 
of such Note unless it is satisfied that the capital position, total loss absorbing capacity 
or both of Citigroup Inc., as applicable will be adequate after the proposed redemption 
or repurchase.". 
2. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
The definition of "Event of Default" set out in General Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be 
deleted and replaced by the following: 
"Event of Default" wherever used herein with respect to the Notes means any one of the 
following events: 
(i) 
default in the payment of any interest upon any Note or the principal of any Note when 
it becomes due and payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days; 
or 
(ii) 
the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Issuer by a court having 
jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary case under the United States Federal 
bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable United States 
Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, 
liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the 
Issuer or of the whole or substantially the whole of its property, or ordering the 
winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order 
unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or 
(iii) 
the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary case under the United States Federal 
bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable United States 
Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or the consent by it to the 
entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law or to the 
appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or 
other similar official) of the Issuer or of the whole or substantially the whole of its 
property, or the making by the Issuer of an assignment for the benefit of its creditors 
generally.

--- Page 858 ---
Schedule A – Citigroup Inc. TLAC eligible Notes 
 
858 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, only the Events of Default described above provide for a right of 
acceleration of the Notes. No other event, including a default in the performance of any other 
covenant of the Issuer, will result in acceleration.

--- Page 859 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
859 
 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
This Valuation and Settlement Schedule shall apply to each Tranche of Notes. 
All determinations, considerations, elections, selections or calculations made or decided on in relation to 
matters set out in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule will be made or determined on by the 
Calculation Agent. 
The additional terms and conditions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule shall be referred 
to as the "Valuation and Settlement Conditions", and references in this Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule to a "Valuation and Settlement Condition" shall be read and construed as a reference to a 
particular numbered condition of this Valuation and Settlement Schedule. 
If in respect of Credit Linked Notes there is a conflict between the applicable provisions of this Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule and the applicable provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions, the applicable 
provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions shall prevail. 
If in respect of Index Skew Notes there is a conflict between the applicable provisions of this Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule and the applicable provisions of the Index Skew Conditions, the applicable 
provisions of the Index Skew Conditions shall prevail. 
In connection with Credit Linked Notes and Index Skew Notes, and unless specifically stated in the Issue 
Terms, (i) references in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule to an "Underlying", an "Underlying 
Level" and related definitions shall not include a Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Index or related 
term and (ii) the provisions in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule shall not apply to any adjustments, 
calculations or determinations required or permitted to be made under the Credit Linked Conditions or 
Index Skew Conditions, as the case may be. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
Underlying Valuation Provisions and Fallback Provisions for Notes other than Underlying 
Linked Notes 
(a) 
General 
The provisions applicable to valuing each Underlying and/or to making any adjustment to 
Valuation Dates or following Adjustment Events are specified in this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1 and in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying, as amended and 
supplemented (where relevant) by the applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level on a Valuation Date 
The Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as applicable) of an Underlying on a 
Valuation Date shall be determined as specified in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such 
Underlying. 
(c) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days) 
Subject as provided in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), any 
Specified Valuation Date(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms shall be adjusted in 
accordance with the following provisions:

--- Page 860 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
860 
 
(i) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Notes linked to one Underlying. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for the Underlying, then 
the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day immediately following such 
Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for the Underlying, unless 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, 
in which case Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation 
Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Levels)) below (as applicable) or, as the case may be, the provisions 
relating to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out in the Underlying 
Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), shall apply. 
(ii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Notes linked to more than one Underlying 
if "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any Underlying, then 
the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day immediately following such 
Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for all of the Underlyings, 
unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for any of 
the Underlyings, in which case Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments 
to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Levels)) below (as applicable) or, as the case may be, the 
provisions relating to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out in the 
Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), shall apply. 
(iii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Notes linked to more than one Underlying 
if "Value What You Can" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any Underlying, then: 
(A) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying for which such Specified Valuation 
Date is a Scheduled Trading Day shall be such Specified Valuation Date, 
unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day 
for such Underlying, in which case Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing 
Levels)) below or Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(f) (Adjustment to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) (as applicable) or, 
as the case may be, the provisions relating to adjustment to Valuation Dates 
for Disrupted Days set out in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the 
relevant Underlying(s), shall apply; and 
(B) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying for which such Specified Valuation 
Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day shall be the first succeeding day 
immediately following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such affected Underlying, unless in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying, in which 
case Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation 
Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Levels))) below (as applicable) or, as the case may be, 
the provisions relating to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days

--- Page 861 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
861 
 
set out in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), 
shall apply. 
(d) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels) 
Subject as provided in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), any 
Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) above and/or, as the case may be, the provisions of the Underlying Schedules applicable 
to the relevant Underlying(s)) shall be adjusted in accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Notes linked to one Underlying, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d)(iv) below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date for such Underlying is a Disrupted Day for such 
Underlying, then the Valuation Date shall be the earlier of: (I) the first succeeding day 
immediately following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading 
Day and which is not a Disrupted Day for the Underlying; and (II) the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following such Specified Valuation Date. 
(ii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Notes linked to more than one Underlying 
if "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d)(iv) below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Underlying, then the 
Valuation Date shall be the earlier of: (I) the first succeeding day immediately 
following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for all the 
Underlyings and which is not a Disrupted Day for all of the Underlyings; and (II) the 
Scheduled Trading Day for all the Underlyings which is the Valuation Roll number of 
Scheduled Trading Days for all the Underlyings immediately following such Specified 
Valuation Date. 
(iii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Notes linked to more than one Underlying 
if "Value What You Can" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d)(iv) below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Underlying, then: 
(A) 
if such Specified Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day for an Underlying, 
then the Valuation Date for such Underlying shall be such Specified 
Valuation Date; and 
(B) 
if such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for an Underlying, then 
the Valuation Date for such Underlying shall be the earlier of: (1) the first 
succeeding day immediately following such Specified Valuation Date which 
is a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying and which is not a Disrupted 
Day for such Underlying; and (2) the Scheduled Trading Day which is the 
Valuation Roll number of Scheduled Trading Days for such Underlying 
immediately following such Specified Valuation Date. 
(iv) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying determined as provided above would 
otherwise fall on a day falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day (the "Cut-off

--- Page 862 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
862 
 
Valuation Date") for such Underlying prior to the date on which a relevant payment 
or delivery, as applicable, is scheduled to be made under the Notes, such Valuation 
Date shall be deemed to be the Cut-off Valuation Date (notwithstanding that such date 
is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying) and the provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(e)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply in respect thereof. 
(e) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing 
Levels) 
(i) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying (as determined in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels) above) is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying, then 
(unless otherwise specified in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Underlying on such Valuation Date using its good faith estimate of the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Underlying at the Valuation Time (where relevant) on or for 
such day. 
(ii) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying (as determined in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1(d)(iv) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days 
and Underlying Closing Levels))) is determined to occur on the Cut-off Valuation Date 
for such Underlying, then (unless otherwise specified in the Underlying Schedule 
applicable to such Underlying) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Underlying on such Cut-off Valuation Date using its good faith 
estimate of the Underlying Closing Level of such Underlying at the Valuation Time 
(where relevant) on or for such day. 
(f) 
Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Underlying Level of an Underlying cannot be 
determined at any time on any Valuation Date by reason of the occurrence of an event giving 
rise to a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Level at such time on such day shall be disregarded 
for the purposes of determining any amounts payable in respect of the Notes. 
(g) 
Adjustment Events 
If in the determination of the Calculation Agent any Adjustment Event occurs in respect of an 
Underlying or the Notes (as relevant), then (subject to the provisions of the Underlying Schedule 
applicable to such Underlying) the Calculation Agent shall (i) make such adjustment to the 
terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for 
the effect of such Adjustment Event subject to the provisions (if any) of such Underlying 
Schedule and (ii) determine the effective date of each such adjustment. 
If an "Increased Cost of Hedging" occurs, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment to 
the terms of the Notes as it determines necessary or appropriate to pass on to Noteholders the 
relevant increased cost of hedging, which adjustment may include, but is not limited to, reducing 
any of the amounts which would otherwise be payable under the Notes. 
If so specified in the relevant Underlying Schedule, any adjustment(s) made by the Calculation 
Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a substitution of the relevant Underlying 
and the Calculation Agent may make such other adjustments to the terms of the Notes as it 
deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution.

--- Page 863 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
863 
 
(h) 
Early Redemption Events 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any Early Redemption Event occurs, then (in 
the case of an Additional Early Redemption Event pursuant to paragraph (i) of the definition of 
such term, subject to the provisions of the Underlying Schedule applicable to the relevant 
Underlying): (i) all (but not some only) of the Notes will, or (ii) in the case of a Hedging 
Disruption Early Termination Event, or a Section 871(m) Event, all (but not some only) of the 
Notes may, in each case of (i) and (ii), be redeemed on a day selected by the Issuer, each 
Calculation Amount being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption 
Amount on the Early Redemption Date.  
(i) 
Realisation Disruption Event 
If "Realisation Disruption Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a 
Realisation Disruption Event occurs, then the Issuer may either (i) direct the Calculation Agent 
to make such consequential adjustments to any of the terms of the Notes (including any payment 
obligations) as it determines appropriate in order to reflect the economic effect of the particular 
Realisation Disruption Event or (ii) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on a day selected 
by the Issuer, each Calculation Amount being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the 
Early Redemption Amount.  
Any such adjustments by the Calculation Agent may include (but are not limited to) (I) 
payments under the Notes being made in the currency (the "Local Currency") in which the 
Hedging Positions are denominated or payable rather than the Settlement Currency, (II) 
deduction of an amount equal to the applicable tax, charge or deduction from the relevant 
payment otherwise due under the relevant Notes resulting in reduced amounts paid in respect 
of the Notes, (III) non-payment of the relevant payment otherwise due under the relevant Notes 
until the relevant restrictions (including but not limited to all exchange and/or conversion and/or 
cross-border transfer restrictions) are lifted and/or (IV) determination of any relevant exchange 
rate by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration all available information that it deems 
relevant which may result in a different rate to that which would have applied had the 
Realisation Disruption Event not occurred. Any such adjustments will be effective as of the date 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(j) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
In the event that any level, price, rate or value (as applicable) of an Underlying for any time on 
any day which is published or announced by or on behalf of the person or entity responsible for 
such publication or announcement and which is used for any calculation or determination made 
in respect of the Notes is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the "Corrected Level") is 
published by or on behalf of such person or entity within the relevant Correction Period after 
the original publication (and at least two Business Days prior to the relevant date on which a 
payment is scheduled to be made under the Notes (the "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date")), 
then such Corrected Level shall be deemed to be the level, price, rate or value for the relevant 
Underlying for the relevant time on the relevant day and the Calculation Agent shall use such 
Corrected Level in determining any amounts payable in respect of the Notes. 
Corrections published after the day which is two Business Days prior to the Relevant Scheduled 
Payment Date shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining 
any such amounts payable under the Notes. 
(k) 
Notifications

--- Page 864 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
864 
 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and each Paying Agent of any determination made 
by it in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(k) and the action that it 
proposes to take in respect of any such determination. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders 
thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 13 
(Notices). Failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer or any Paying Agent or failure 
by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders of any such determination will not affect the validity of 
any such determination. 
(l) 
Definitions 
"Additional Adjustment Event" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Event (if any) 
specified as such in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
"Additional Early Redemption Event" means each of: (i) in respect of an Underlying, each 
event (if any) specified as such in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying and 
(ii) in respect of Underlying Linked Notes only, if Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event 
or Section 871(m) Event (or both) is/are specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event or Section 871(m) Event (or both), as the case 
may be (collectively, the "Additional Early Redemption Events"). 
"Adjustment Event" means, in each case, if specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the occurrence at any time of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of 
Hedging or the occurrence at any time of any Additional Adjustment Event applicable to an 
Underlying.  
"Change in Law" means that (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, 
rule, order, directive or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation, (including any action taken by 
a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
if "Illegality" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, holding, acquiring or 
disposing of any Hedging Position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or 
otherwise prohibited in whole or in part, and such unlawfulness, illegality or 
prohibition cannot be cured or avoided by the Issuer (or its agents) taking all 
commercially reasonable measures available to it (including that any such measures 
will not result in the Issuer (or its agents) incurring a material loss); or  
(ii) 
if "Material Increased Cost" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to 
the Notes (including without limitation due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in 
tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of any relevant Hedging Party) 
which cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or its agents) taking reasonable measures 
available to it (as determined by the Issuer) and for which it (or its agents) will not 
suffer a material loss.  
"Correction Period" shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it in the 
Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
"Early Redemption Event" means (i) if "Early Redemption following Adjustment Event" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to the relevant Adjustment 
Event (and, in such case, an Early Redemption Event will have occurred where, following the 
occurrence of an Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or

--- Page 865 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
865 
 
substitution can reasonably be made under this Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(l) to 
account for the effect of such Adjustment Event), or (ii) the occurrence at any time of any 
Additional Early Redemption Event. 
"Electronic Page" means, in respect of an Underlying and (if applicable) any component of 
such Underlying (however described in the relevant Underlying Schedule), the electronic page 
or source specified for such Underlying or such component, as the case may be, in the applicable 
Issue Terms, or either (i) any successor electronic page or source or information vendor or 
provider that has been designated by the sponsor of the original electronic page or source; or 
(ii) if such sponsor has not officially designated a successor electronic page or source or 
information vendor or provider, the successor electronic page or source or information vendor 
or provider designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if different from such 
sponsor) or any alternative electronic page or source designated by the Calculation Agent 
PROVIDED THAT if, in the case of (i) and (ii), the Calculation Agent determines that it is not 
necessary or appropriate for the Electronic Page to be any such successor electronic page or 
source or information vendor or provider, then the Electronic Page may be either the originally 
designated electronic page or source or such other electronic page or source as selected by the 
Calculation Agent. Where more than one Electronic Page is specified in respect of an 
Underlying and/or (if applicable) any component of such Underlying (however described in the 
relevant Underlying Schedule), then the provisions of the preceding sentence shall be construed 
accordingly and (i) if there is any discrepancy between any relevant price or level displayed on 
the relevant Electronic Pages for any Valuation Date, the relevant price or level selected by the 
Calculation Agent shall be used for such Valuation Date; and (ii) if any relevant price or level 
is not published on all of such Electronic Pages but is published on one or more of such 
Electronic Pages, the Calculation Agent shall use such published price or level for the purpose 
of determining any calculation or determination in respect of the Notes and no Disrupted Day 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of the failure to publish on the other Electronic 
Page(s). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the price 
risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations under the Notes; or (ii) realise, recover 
or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event" means any action, or any announcement of 
the intention to take any such action, including adoption of any law, regulation or order or the 
amendment, elimination, reinterpretation or promulgation of an interpretation, by any 
regulatory, self-regulatory, legislative or judicial authority with competent jurisdiction 
(including, without limitation, as implemented by the United States Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission ("CFTC") or any exchange or trading facility acting pursuant to CFTC 
authority) that affects the definition of "bona fide hedging" as that term is used in CFTC 
regulations adopted under Section 4a(a) of the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as 
amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act") (as at the Trade Date 17 CFR 150.3) or that 
withdraws or limits as a matter of practice or policy any "hedge exemptions" previously granted 
by the CFTC or any such exchange or trading facility acting under authority granted pursuant 
to the Commodity Exchange Act, or affects or otherwise amends such other applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in this sub-
paragraph (i) or (ii) increases the cost of the performance of the Issuer's obligations in respect 
of the Notes or the cost of acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, 
unwinding or disposing of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations under the

--- Page 866 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
866 
 
Notes, whether individually or on a portfolio basis, in each case occurring after the Trade Date 
and as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means any party which enters into any arrangement which hedges or is 
intended to hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or "book") basis, the Notes, which party may 
be the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any other party or parties, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Position" means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts (as applicable) in 
securities, futures contracts, options contracts, cross currency derivatives contracts, interest rate 
derivative contracts, asset swap derivative contracts, other derivative contracts or foreign 
exchange contracts; (ii) stock loan transactions, securities transactions or loan transactions; (iii) 
other instruments or arrangements (however described) entered into by a Hedging Party in order 
to hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or "book") basis, the Notes or (iv) positions or contracts 
in one or more credit derivatives contracts which may be in combination with any of paragraphs 
(i) or (iii) above.  
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations under the 
Notes; or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). Any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness 
of any Hedging Party shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Realisation Disruption Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
either any restrictions or any taxes, charges or other deductions have been imposed by 
any applicable governmental, taxation, judicial or regulatory body on any dealing by 
any Hedging Party in any Hedging Positions held by any Hedging Party such that: 
(A) 
any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from continuing to 
purchase, sell or otherwise deal in any Hedging Positions (or to enter into, 
continue or otherwise complete such transactions) and/or is or would be 
materially restricted from exercising its rights, or performing its obligations 
in respect of any Hedging Positions; 
(B) 
the Issuer is materially restricted from performing its obligations under the 
Notes and/or any Hedging Party is materially restricted from performing its 
obligations under any Hedging Positions; or 
(C) 
the Issuer will (or is likely to) incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations under the Notes and/or any Hedging Party will (or is likely to) incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations under any Hedging 
Positions; or 
(ii) 
an event has occurred or circumstances exist (including without limitation either any 
restrictions or any charges or deductions imposed by any applicable governmental, 
judicial or regulatory body): 
(A) 
that materially restricts the ability of any Hedging Party to (i) exchange or 
convert the Local Currency for any Settlement Currency or any Settlement

--- Page 867 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
867 
 
Currency for the Local Currency through the customary legal channels and/or 
(ii) deliver any Settlement Currency or the Local Currency and/or (iii) transfer 
the proceeds of the Hedging Positions (or any transaction relating to a 
Hedging Position) (A) between, accounts in the jurisdiction of the Local 
Currency (the "Local Jurisdiction") and any accounts in the jurisdiction of 
any Settlement Currency or (B) to or from a party that is a non-resident of the 
Local Jurisdiction and/or to a party that is a resident of the jurisdiction of any 
Settlement Currency; and/or 
(B) 
such that any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from 
transferring amounts payable under any Hedging Position or in respect of the 
Notes between (i) the Local Jurisdiction and the jurisdiction of a Hedging 
Party and/or (ii) the jurisdiction of any Settlement Currency and the 
jurisdiction of a Hedging Party; and/or 
(C) 
such that the Calculation Agent's ability to determine a rate at which the Local 
Currency can be exchanged for any Settlement Currency (or vice versa), for 
any reason becomes restricted, or such determination is otherwise 
impracticable or such rate is subject to material charges or deductions. 
The above provisions refer to "materially restricted", "materially increased" and "material" and 
any determination in respect of "materially" or "material" in respect of any such provision shall 
be made by the Calculation Agent which shall have regard to such circumstances as it deems 
appropriate. 
"Section 871(m) Event" means that the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and/or where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or, in each case, any 
Hedging Party is (or, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable 
likelihood that, within the next 30 Business Days, the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, 
the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or, in 
each case, any Hedging Party will become) subject to any withholding or reporting obligations 
pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code with respect to the Notes and/or, where the Issuer is 
CGMHI, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee, and/or, in each case, where the applicable Issue Terms specify that "Section 
871(m) Event (Hedging Positions)" is applicable, any Hedging Positions. 
"Specified Valuation Date" means each date deemed pursuant to the Conditions to be a 
Specified Valuation Date or as specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Issue Date. 
"Underlying" means each underlying reference factor specified as such and classified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
"Underlying Closing Level" shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it in 
the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
"Underlying Level" shall, in respect of an Underlying and if applicable, have the meaning given 
to it in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying.

--- Page 868 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
868 
 
"Underlying Schedule" means, in respect of an Underlying, the schedule that is specified to be 
applicable to such Underlying as a result of the classification of such Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Valuation Date" means each Specified Valuation Date, as adjusted in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)), Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Closing Levels)), Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(f) (Adjustment to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) above and/or, as applicable, the 
relevant Underlying Schedule or any date deemed pursuant to the Conditions to be a Valuation 
Date. 
"Valuation Roll" means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or if no 
number is so specified, eight. 
"Valuation Time" shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it in the 
Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
(m) 
Fallback Provisions for Notes other than Underlying Linked Notes 
In respect of Notes other than Underlying Linked Notes, where the applicable Issue Terms 
specifies that this Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(m) applies, the provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1(g) (Adjustment Events) and Valuation and Settlement Condition  
1(h) (Early Redemption Events) and the related definitions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1(l) (Definitions) shall apply to the Notes notwithstanding that the Notes are not 
Underlying Linked Notes. 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(m), references to any Underlying 
or Underlying Schedule in Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(g) (Adjustment Events), 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(h) (Early Redemption Events) and the related definitions 
set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(l) (Definitions) shall be disregarded and the 
relevant Valuation and Settlement Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
2. 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 (Hierarchy Provisions and 
Adjustments), in the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs:  
(i) 
the Calculation Agent or, where a separate Determination Agent is appointed in respect 
of the Notes, the Determination Agent (such agent the "Relevant Agent") may make 
such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as the Relevant Agent determines 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of the relevant event or circumstance 
and, without limitation, such adjustments may (a) consist of one or more amendments 
and/or be made on one or more dates (b) be determined by reference to any 
adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance made in relation to any 
hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes and (c) include selecting a successor 
benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the terms of the Notes, and, in the 
case of more than one successor benchmark, making provision for allocation of 
exposure as between the successor benchmarks; or   
(ii) 
the Issuer may (if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms and at its option) redeem 
the Notes on a day selected by the Issuer, each principal amount of Notes equal to the

--- Page 869 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
869 
 
Calculation Amount being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early 
Redemption Amount. 
Provided that the Relevant Agent has fully determined any adjustment(s) as provided above to 
the terms of the Notes, the Relevant Agent shall notify the Issuer of such determination made 
by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination as soon as 
reasonably practicable and in any event prior to the earliest relevant effective date. The Issuer 
shall notify the Noteholders thereof or of any election to redeem the Notes as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). Failure by the 
Relevant Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders of any such 
determination or election will not affect the validity of any such determination or election. 
For the purposes of the above: 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Relevant Agent determines that (1) a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur, or (2) any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any 
official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant 
Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in 
each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Relevant Agent or any other entity is not, or will 
not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes, or (3) save where the applicable 
Issue Terms specify that "Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3))" is not applicable, it is 
not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in connection with 
the Notes as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining 
or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the 
Relevant Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform 
its obligations in respect of the Notes and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not 
renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such 
licence), or (4) there has been an official announcement by the supervisor of the administrator 
and/or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark that the relevant Benchmark is no longer representative, 
or as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant 
underlying market(s) or economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure. 
"Benchmark" means any figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the 
Notes, or the value of the Notes, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure or 
rate, all as determined by the Relevant Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of 
the following: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such 
Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark in respect 
of the Notes.

--- Page 870 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
870 
 
3. 
Dual Currency Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Dual Currency Note Provisions apply ("Dual 
Currency Notes"), then in order to determine amounts payable in respect of the Notes, the 
Calculation Agent shall, in respect of any payments in respect of the Notes, convert the relevant 
payment amount (as otherwise determined in accordance with the provisions of the General 
Conditions, this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and/or the applicable Issue Terms) from the 
Denomination Currency into the Relevant Currency by dividing such amount by the Dual 
Currency Exchange Rate for the DC Valuation Date relating to the date on which such payment 
is to be made. The provisions of the General Conditions and this Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule shall be subject to this Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 and shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Where: 
"Denomination Currency" means the currency of the Specified Denomination and the 
Calculation Amount, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Dual Currency Exchange Rate" means any Underlying which is an FX Rate and as is 
designated as the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the relevant payment in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency in respect of payments, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Specified DC Valuation Date" means, in respect of a scheduled Interest Payment Date and/or 
Optional Redemption Date and the Maturity Date (each a "Relevant Date"), the date specified 
as such for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as 
provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each 
such date, as so adjusted, a "DC Valuation Date". 
INTEREST 
4. 
Interest Provisions 
(a) 
Types of Interest 
These Valuation and Settlement Conditions include (amongst other terms) the following 
provisions in relation to the following types of Notes, each type of Note being of a different 
interest basis (interest basis): 
(i) 
in respect of Dual Currency Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 (Dual Currency Notes) (and, together with the 
FX Rate Conditions, the "Dual Currency Note Provisions"); 
(ii) 
in respect of Inflation Rate Notes (as defined in the Inflation Index Conditions), the 
provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4(b) (Definitions) (and 
together with the Inflation Index Conditions, are the "Inflation Rate Note 
Provisions"); 
(iii) 
in respect of DIR Inflation Linked Interest Notes (as defined in the Inflation Index 
Conditions), the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4(b)

--- Page 871 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
871 
 
(Definitions) (and together with the Inflation Index Conditions, are the "DIR Inflation 
Linked Interest Note Provisions"); 
(iv) 
in respect of Fixed Rate Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 5(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) (the "Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions"); 
(v) 
in respect of Floating Rate Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i) (Floating Rate Notes) (the "Floating Rate Note 
Provisions"); 
(vi) 
in respect of CMS Interest Linked Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(ii) (CMS Interest Linked Notes) (the "CMS 
Interest Linked Note Provisions"); 
(vii) 
in respect of Range Accrual Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 6 (Range Accrual Notes) (and, where any 
Reference Observation is an FX Rate, together with the FX Rate Conditions, the 
"Range Accrual Note Provisions"); 
(viii) 
in respect of Digital Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 7 (Digital Notes) (and, where any Digital Reference Rate is an 
FX Rate, together with the FX Rate Conditions, the "Digital Note Provisions"); 
(ix) 
in respect of Digital Band Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 8 (Digital Band Notes) (and, where any Reference Rate is 
an FX Rate, together with the FX Rate Conditions, the "Digital Band Note 
Provisions") 
(x) 
in respect of Inverse Floating Rate Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 9 (Inverse Floating Rate Notes) (the "Inverse 
Floating Rate Note Provisions"); 
(xi) 
in respect of Spread Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 10 (Spread Notes) (the "Spread Note Provisions");  
(xii) 
in respect of Volatility Bond Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 11 (Volatility Bond Notes) (and, where the 
Reference Rate is specified in the application Issue Terms to be a Forward Rate, 
together with the provisions relating to Forward Rate Notes, the "Volatility Bond Note 
Provisions"); 
(xiii) 
in respect of Synthetic Forward Rate Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 12 (Synthetic Forward Rate Notes) (the 
"Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions"); 
(xiv) 
in respect of Previous Coupon Linked Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 13 (Previous Coupon Linked Notes) (the 
"Previous Coupon Linked Note Provisions");  
(xv) 
in respect of FX Performance Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 14 (FX Performance Notes) (and, where the 
relevant FX Performance Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be an

--- Page 872 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
872 
 
Underlying, together with the FX Rate Conditions, the "FX Performance Note 
Provisions"); 
(xvi) 
in respect of Reserve Coupon Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 15 (Reserve Coupon Notes) (the "Reserve 
Coupon Note Provisions"); 
(xvii) 
in respect of Restructure Interest Rate Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 (Restructure Interest Rate Notes) (the 
"Restructure Interest Rate Note Provisions"); 
(xviii) 
in respect of Global Interest Floor Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 16 (Global Interest Floor Notes) (the "Global 
Interest Floor Note Provisions");  
(xix) 
in respect of Global Interest Cap Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 17 (Global Interest Cap Notes) (the "Global 
Interest Cap Note Provisions"); 
(xx) 
in respect of Auto Floor Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 17A (Auto Floor Notes) (the "Auto Floor Note 
Provisions"); and 
(xxi) 
in respect of Auto Cap Notes (as defined below), the provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 17B (Auto Cap Notes) (the "Auto Cap Note Provisions").. 
If "Switcher Option", "Automatic Change of Interest Basis" or "Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to the Notes, then 
the Notes may (at the option of the Issuer, in the case of the Switcher Option) or shall (in the 
case of "Automatic Change of Interest Basis") or shall, on the occurrence of the relevant Lock-
in Event (in the case of Lock-in Change of Interest Basis) have more than one interest basis 
applicable to different Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates. In such case, the above 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions applicable in relation to the particular type(s) of Notes and 
interest basis shall apply in respect of the relevant Interest Period(s) and/or Interest Payment 
Date(s) as specified in the Issue Terms. 
If "Multiple Interest Basis" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in relation 
to one or more Interest Periods (each a "MIB Interest Period") or Interest Payment Dates (each 
a "MIB Interest Payment Date"), then the Notes shall have more than one interest basis 
applicable to each MIB Interest Period(s) and/or MIB Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and each Interest Amount shall be separately determined (including, but 
not limited to, for the purposes of determining any Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum Interest 
Rate) and paid in accordance with the relevant Valuation and Settlement Condition and the 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly. For the avoidance of doubt, references in the 
Conditions to "accrued interest" shall be deemed to be references to interest accrued pursuant 
to all the interest bases applicable to the relevant Interest Period. 
Alternatively, Notes may not bear interest, which Notes may be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as "Zero Coupon Notes", in which case the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4(c) (Zero Coupon Notes) shall apply thereto (the "Zero Coupon Note Provisions"). 
If "Interest Rollup" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, all Interest Amounts accrued and calculated in

--- Page 873 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
873 
 
respect of each Interest Period during the term of the Notes shall be aggregated and shall not be 
paid until the Maturity Date or, where Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 (Provisions 
relating to Mandatory Early Redemption) applies and a Mandatory Early Redemption Event 
occurs following satisfaction of the TARN MER Condition, the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date.  For the avoidance of doubt, no additional interest shall accrue in respect of Interest 
Amounts accrued and calculated in respect of prior Interest Periods. 
(b) 
Definitions 
In addition to the provisions for determining interest as set out in this Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule: 
"Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date: 
(i) 
save where the Notes are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Inflation Rate 
Notes or DIR Inflation Linked Interest Notes, the amount (if any) determined as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 5 (Determination of Interest Rates 
and Interest Amounts) to 21 (Lock-in Change of Interest Basis) below (as applicable) 
and in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Inflation Rate Notes 
and where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
and the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined in respect of each Calculation 
Amount by reference to either: 
(A) 
where an Interest Participation Rate is not specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × ൬൤
UCL Relevant Months Prior
UCL 12 + Relevant Months Prior −1൨± Margin൰× DCF 
(B) 
where an Interest Participation Rate is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × ൬൤
UCL Relevant Months Prior
UCL 12 + Relevant Months Prior −1൨± Margin൰× DCF
× IPR 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of paragraphs (A) and (B) above, that if 
(x) a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum 
amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to 
such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interest Amount and a Minimum 
Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a 
minimum amount (a collar).

--- Page 874 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
874 
 
Where: 
"DCF" means the Day Count Fraction (as defined in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5 (Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts) below) and, for 
which purpose, an Interest Period and Interest Period End Date shall be as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 (Determination of Interest Rates and Interest 
Amounts) below. 
"Interest Amount Inflation Index" means any Underlying which is an Inflation Index 
and is designated as the Interest Amount Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Margin" means the percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms, which shall be preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" 
(minus) sign (PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specify Margin to be 
not applicable for such Interest Payment Date, it shall be deemed to be equal to zero). 
"UCL Relevant Months Prior" means the Underlying Closing Level of the Interest 
Amount Inflation Index on the date falling the number of calendar months prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such date shall 
be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment 
as provided in, the Conditions. 
"UCL 12 + Relevant Months Prior" means the Underlying Closing Level of the 
Interest Amount Inflation Index on the date falling the number of calendar months 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date as specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and which shall be the month falling 12 months prior to the UCL Relevant Months 
Prior. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date for the purpose of, 
and subject to adjustment as provided in, the Conditions. 
"Interest Participation Rate" or "IPR" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, 
the amount or percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment Date under the 
heading "Interest Participation Rate" in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
where the Notes are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be DIR Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes and where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined in respect 
of each Calculation Amount by reference to either: 
(A) 
where an Interest Participation Rate is not specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount
× (the DIR Index Ratio in respect of such Interest Payment Date
± Margin) × DCF 
(B) 
where an Interest Participation Rate is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount
× (the DIR Index Ratio in respect of such Interest Payment Date
± Margin) × DCF × IPR

--- Page 875 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
875 
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of paragraphs (A) and (B) above, that if 
(x) a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum 
amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to 
such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interest Amount and a Minimum 
Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a 
minimum amount (a collar). 
Where: 
"DCF" means the Day Count Fraction (as defined in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5 (Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts) below) and, for 
which purpose, an Interest Period and Interest Period End Date shall be as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 (Determination of Interest Rates and Interest 
Amounts) below. 
"Base Index Figure" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"DIR Index" means any Underlying which is an Inflation Index and is designated as 
the DIR Index in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Any reference to the "DIR Index Figure" applicable to a particular Interest Payment 
Date shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Index Month A + 
(Day of Interest Payment Date −1)
(Days in month of Interest Payment Date)  X (Index Month B
−Index Month A) 
and where: 
"DIR Index Ratio" applicable to any Interest Payment Date means the DIR Index 
Figure applicable to such date divided by the Base Index Figure. 
"Margin" means the percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms, which shall be preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" minus 
sign (PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specify Margin to be not 
applicable for such Interest Payment Date, it shall be deemed to be equal to zero). 
"Index Month A" means the Underlying Closing Level of the DIR Index for the month 
that is the number of calendar months prior to the month in which the relevant Interest 
Payment Date falls, such number being as specified under Index Month A in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date 
for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment as provided in, the Conditions. 
"Index Month B" means the Underlying Closing Level of the DIR Index for the month 
that is the number of calendar months prior to the month in which the relevant Interest 
Payment Date falls, such number being as specified under Index Month B in the 
applicable Issue Terms and which shall be the month falling one month after Index 
Month A. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date for the purpose 
of, and subject to adjustment as provided in, the Conditions.

--- Page 876 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
876 
 
"Interest Participation Rate" or "IPR" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, 
the amount or percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment Date under the 
heading "Interest Participation Rate" in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the case of Inflation Rate Notes and DIR Inflation Linked Interest Notes, as soon as 
practicable the Calculation Agent will determine the Interest Amounts for the relevant 
Interest Period. The Interest Amounts so determined may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become 
due and payable under General Condition 9 (Events of Default), the interest payable in 
respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4(b)(iii) but no publication 
of the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Amount(s) for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and 
any stock exchange on which the relevant Inflation Rate Notes or DIR Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Zero Coupon Note Provisions to be applicable to the 
Notes (the "Zero Coupon Notes"), then the Notes will not bear or pay any interest. The Early 
Redemption Amount in respect of each principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount will be the Amortised Face Amount, as further described in General Condition 5(f) 
(Early Redemption Amount) unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
5. 
Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
The Fixed Rate Note Provisions apply to the Notes if specified to apply in the applicable Issue 
Terms or are otherwise deemed to apply as provided under the terms of this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule ("Fixed Rate Notes"). 
(i) 
Accrual not applicable to Fixed Rate Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Accrual" to be not applicable, in respect of each 
Interest Payment Date to which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions apply (as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms), where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as otherwise 
provided in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, the Issuer will pay the Interest 
Amount specified for the relevant Interest Payment Date in the Settlement Currency. 
For which purpose, the "Interest Amount" will be (i) the amount specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms or, (ii) where different amounts are specified in relation to 
different Interest Payment Dates, in respect of each Interest Payment Date, the amount 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date or, (iii) if an Interest Table is set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Payment Date, each amount

--- Page 877 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
877 
 
specified in the Interest Table in the column entitled "Interest Amount" in the row 
corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Payment Date(s)") on 
which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall. 
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, be the "Broken Amount" so specified for such Interest Payment Date or, 
if an Interest Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, each amount specified in 
the Interest Table in the column entitled "Broken Amount" in the row corresponding 
to the date (specified in the column "Interest Payment Date(s)") on which such Interest 
Payment Date is scheduled to fall. 
(ii) 
Accrual applicable to Fixed Rate Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Accrual" to be applicable, each Fixed Rate Note 
bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per 
annum equal to the Fixed Interest Rate(s) (being an "Interest Rate"). Subject as 
otherwise provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions, interest will be 
payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date to which the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms). The amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such date will be the Interest 
Amount.  
If an Interest Rate or a Reference Rate for any period or any relevant day is specified 
in any other Valuation and Settlement Condition or in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
a "Fixed Interest Rate", the relevant Interest Rate or Reference Rate will be determined 
in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii). 
If a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, a different Fixed Interest Rate 
may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates and 
the Specified Fixed Rate in respect of an Interest Period shall be the rate specified in 
the Rate Table in the column entitled "Specified Fixed Rate(s)" in the row 
corresponding to the Interest Period End Date (specified in the column "Interest Period 
End Date(s)") falling at the end of the relevant Interest Period. 
(A) 
Fixed Interest Rate 
The "Fixed Interest Rate" in respect of each Interest Period shall be equal to 
the Specified Fixed Rate, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) the Margin (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation 
to such Specified Fixed Rate for such Interest Period), and further multiplied 
by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in relation to such Specified Fixed Rate for such Interest Period). 
(B) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the relevant 
Fixed Interest Rate to:  
(1) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global 
Registered Note Certificate, the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global 
Registered Note Certificate; or

--- Page 878 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
878 
 
(2) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount,  
and, in each case, (I) multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction, and (II) where the Range Accrual Note Provisions apply, 
multiplying the product calculated in (I) by the Accrual Rate, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Fixed 
Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and CMS Interest Linked Notes and determination of Forward 
Rates 
(i) 
Floating Rate Notes 
The Floating Rate Note Provisions apply to the Notes if specified to apply in the 
applicable Issue Terms or are otherwise deemed to apply as provided under the terms 
of this Valuation and Settlement Schedule ("Floating Rate Notes"). 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as otherwise provided 
in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, such interest (being an "Interest 
Amount") will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or 
about such Interest Payment Date. The Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period 
and/or Interest Payment Date to which the Floating Rate Note Provisions apply (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be equal to the Floating Interest Rate. 
If an Interest Rate or a Reference Rate for any period or any relevant day is specified 
in any other Valuation and Settlement Condition or in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
a "Floating Interest Rate", the relevant Interest Rate or Reference Rate will be 
determined in accordance with the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(b)(i)(1) to 5(b)(i)(8), as applicable.A different Floating Interest Rate may 
apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(1) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, the 
Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period or a relevant day (such 
day, a "Relevant Day") will be the Screen Rate for such Interest Period or 
Relevant Day, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the

--- Page 879 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
879 
 
Margin (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such 
Screen Rate), and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such Screen Rate). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (1), the "Screen Rate" for any Interest 
Period or any Relevant Day will, subject as provided below, be: 
(I) 
the offered quotation; or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations; or 
(III) 
the rate provided by the relevant administrator, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Page as at the Specified Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or such 
Relevant Day, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If five or more 
offered quotations are available on the Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided below) of such offered 
quotations. 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 (Hierarchy 
Provisions and Adjustments), if the Page is not available or if, in the case of 
(I), no offered quotation appears or, in the case of (II), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear or, in the case of (III) the Reference Rate does not appear 
on the Page and/or the Reference Rate is not provided or published by the 
relevant administrator and/or a relevant authorised distributor or a component 
of the Reference Rate is not provided or published, in each case as at the 
Specified Time, or by 10.30 a.m. Sydney time in the case of BBSW, the 
Screen Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent (as applicable) in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative 
benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market) (the "SRD Fallback Provisions"). For the avoidance of doubt and 
without limitation, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) may determine the relevant Screen Rate by reference to one of the 
following: 
(A) 
the Reference Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where 
applicable) published on the relevant Interest Determination Date on 
a different screen page by another authorised distributor of the 
relevant rate; or 
(B) 
rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the 
Reference Rate or the supervisor or competent authority (or a 
committee endorsed or convened by any such entity) responsible for 
supervising the Reference Rate or the administrator thereof; or

--- Page 880 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
880 
 
(C) 
the Reference Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where 
applicable) last provided or published by the relevant administrator; 
or 
(D) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) on a date determined by the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) for a representative amount 
(and, where relevant, with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in 
the swap market) and, if applicable, for a term equal to the 
designated maturity, calculated in the manner determined by the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable). 
In the event that the administrator of a relevant Reference Rate amends the 
methodology of such Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the time of publication of the relevant rate), the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) may but shall not be required 
to make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise 
provided for in this Condition (including, without limitation, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes, changes to timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest and changes to the 
definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines to be appropriate in 
a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that no 
appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines is reasonably 
necessary).  
In the event that the Screen Rate is subsequently corrected, and the correction 
(the "Corrected Rate") is published after the original publication but no later 
than the longer of (a) one hour after such original publication and (b) any 
other period for corrections specified by a relevant administrator in its 
methodology for the relevant Reference Rate, then PROVIDED THAT such 
Corrected Rate is published on or prior to the date falling two Business Days 
prior to the date on which a related payment is scheduled to be made under 
the Notes (the "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date"), then such Corrected 
Rate shall be deemed to be the relevant Screen Rate and the Calculation Agent 
or Determination Agent (as applicable) shall use such Corrected Rate in 
determining any relevant amount payable in respect of the Notes. Any 
corrections published after the second Business Day prior to the Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining 
the relevant Screen Rate. 
If a Reference Rate to which Screen Rate Determination applies is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms as being other than EURIBOR,  STIBOR, 
NIBOR, CIBOR, ROBOR, TIBOR, HIBOR, BBSW or BKBM, the Screen 
Rate (and any relevant Reference Rate) in respect of such Notes alternative 
provisions may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 881 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
881 
 
If the Screen Rate is determined by the Determination Agent as provided 
above, the Determination Agent shall notify the Calculation Agent and the 
Issuer of any such Screen Rate so determined as soon as reasonably 
practicable, but in any event, prior to the date on which any relevant amount 
is to be determined. 
The Calculation Agent and the Determination Agent shall not be responsible 
to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor or to any third 
party as a result of the Calculation Agent and/or the Determination Agent (as 
applicable) having acted on any quotation given by any reference bank. 
(2) 
ISDA Determination  
(a) 
ISDA Rate 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 (Hierarchy 
Provisions and Adjustments), where ISDA Determination is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to 
be determined, the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period or 
Relevant Day will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to such ISDA Rate) and multiplied by the Interest 
Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation 
to such ISDA Rate), PROVIDED THAT if:  
(x) 
"Floored ISDA Rate" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Floating Interest Rate shall be equal to (I) the 
higher of (x) the ISDA Rate and (y) 0 per cent., (II) plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such ISDA 
Rate) and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such ISDA 
Rate). 
(y) 
if "Floored Interest Amount" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Floating Interest Rate shall be equal 
to the higher of (I) the ISDA Rate, plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Margin (if applicable) and 
multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if applicable) and (II) 
0 per cent.. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (3), "ISDA Rate" for any Interest 
Period means the rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction (a "Swap 
Transaction" or a "Transaction") if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions, as defined below) 
(the "ISDA Calculation Agent") for that swap transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(I) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms;

--- Page 882 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
882 
 
(II) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; and 
(III) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
PROVIDED THAT 
(A) 
if the 2006 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot 
be determined in accordance with the 2006 Definitions read with the 
above provisions and prior to the application of any provisions 
relating to an index cessation event (howsoever described) or other 
permanent cessation fallback provisions in the 2006 Definitions 
(including where applicable such fallbacks set out in any supplement 
to the 2006 Definitions) then, subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 24 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments) 
and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the 
ISDA Rate for such Interest Period shall be such rate as is 
determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking 
into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market); or  
(B) 
if the 2021 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot 
be determined in accordance with the 2021 Definitions read with the 
above provisions but prior to the application of any provisions 
relating to permanent cessation or an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event in the 2021 Definitions (including, for the avoidance of doubt 
any Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions), then, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 (Hierarchy 
Provisions and Adjustments) and notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Conditions, the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative 
benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(2), terms used for 
the purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate under the relevant ISDA 
Definitions shall have the meanings given to those terms in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions, and the date on which any ISDA Rate is to be determined shall be an 
"Interest Determination Date".  
References in the 2006 Definitions to: 
(I) 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items to be specified in the 
relevant Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers, 
financial centres, elections or other items specified for such purpose in the 
applicable Issue Terms;

--- Page 883 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
883 
 
(II) 
the "Effective Date" shall be to the relevant Interest Commencement Date;  
(III) 
a "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Period 
End Date; 
(IV) 
a "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Day Count Fraction;  
(V) 
a "Payment Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Payment 
Date; and 
(VI) 
to the "Termination Date" shall be to the last occurring relevant Interest 
Payment Date. 
References in the 2021 Definitions to:  
(I) 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items to be specified in the 
relevant Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers, 
financial centres, elections or other items specified for such purpose in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
(II) 
the "Effective Date" shall be to the relevant Interest Commencement Date;  
(III) 
a "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Period 
End Date, PROVIDED THAT where the Business Day Convention 
applicable to the relevant Interest Period End Date is "Floating Rate 
Convention", "Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Preceding 
Business Day Convention" and "Period End Date/Termination Date 
adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday" is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, where that Interest Period End Date would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday, 
that date will instead fall on the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(IV) 
a "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Day Count Fraction;  
(V) 
a "Payment Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Payment 
Date, PROVIDED THAT where "Payment Date adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Business Day Convention applicable to the relevant Interest Period End Date 
is "Floating Rate Convention", "Modified Following Business Day 
Convention" or "Preceding Business Day Convention", where that Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a 
result of an Unscheduled Holiday, that date will instead fall on the first 
following day that is a Business Day and, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, where any other payment date (a "Related Payment 
Date") is scheduled to fall on the same day, that Related Payment Date shall 
also be adjusted accordingly, all subject as provided in General Condition 6 
(Payments); and 
(VI) 
to the "Termination Date" shall be to the last occurring relevant Interest 
Payment Date.

--- Page 884 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
884 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the ISDA Definitions:  
(i) 
the provisions of General Condition 10(c) (Determinations) shall 
apply in relation to determinations made by the Calculation Agent 
or Determination Agent (as applicable) pursuant to this sub-
paragraph and any such provision in the relevant ISDA Definitions 
shall be disregarded. In addition, all calculations and determinations 
made in respect of the Notes by the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) under the Conditions shall 
(save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and the 
Noteholders;  
(ii) 
any requirement under the ISDA Definitions for the ISDA 
Calculation Agent: (i) to give notice of a determination made by it 
to any other party will be deemed to be a requirement for Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) to provide an 
equivalent notice to the Issuer; and (ii) to consult with the other party 
or the parties will be deemed to be a requirement for the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) to consult with the 
Issuer. Any such notice or consultation may be given or carried out 
orally 
or 
in 
writing 
(including 
by 
electronic 
mail 
or 
communications). In addition the right of any party under the ISDA 
Definitions to require the ISDA Calculation Agent to take any action 
or fulfil any responsibility will be deemed to be solely the right of 
the Issuer to require this of the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent (as applicable) in its discretion and no Noteholder will have 
any right to require the Issuer to do this or to direct the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in this regard; 
(iii) 
where the ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties 
to the relevant transaction, the parties will be deemed to have been 
unable to reach agreement and the fallback applicable in such 
circumstances will be deemed to apply; 
(iv) 
in the event that the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) determines that any Fixing Day or other day on which an 
ISDA Rate is determined under the ISDA Definitions is less than 
two Business Days prior to the relevant date originally scheduled for 
payment, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) may determine that such date for payment and/or any 
Related Payment Date be delayed to a date falling not more than two 
Business Days after the relevant Fixing Day or relevant other day 
and Noteholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other 
payment in respect of such delay; and  
(v) 
in respect of the 2021 Definitions only, in the event that the 
Correction Time Period applicable to an ISDA Rate ends later than 
two Business Days prior to the relevant date for payment, any 
corrections published after the second Business Day prior to the 
relevant date for payment shall be disregarded for the purposes of 
determining the relevant ISDA Rate.

--- Page 885 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
885 
 
If any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a 
relevant rate applies pursuant to the ISDA Definitions or the interest rate swap 
transaction thereunder then, in relation thereto, the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) may but shall not be required to (i) if it 
would not otherwise apply in relation to the determination of the ISDA Rate 
in accordance with the above provisions, take into account any such any 
adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement (including by 
reference to the hedging arrangements for the relevant Notes) in determining 
of the relevant ISDA Rate and (ii) make any related or consequential changes 
to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Condition (including 
without limitation any technical, administrative or operational changes, 
changes to the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest and changes to the 
definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines to be appropriate in 
a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that no 
appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines is reasonably 
necessary).  
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(2), 
"ISDA Definitions" means (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor 
thereto ("ISDA"), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes (the "2006 Definitions"), or (ii) if "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate 
Matrix, in each case, published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes (the "2021 Definitions"), provided in each case that if 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines this 
is appropriate by reference to the hedging arrangements for the relevant series 
of Notes, ISDA Definitions will mean any successor definitional booklet to 
or version of the 2006 Definitions or 2021 Definitions as applicable, each as 
supplemented or amended from time to time for interest rate derivatives, all 
as determined as of the date of the relevant determination under this Condition 
and the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) may make 
such conforming changes to the Conditions as are necessary or appropriate to 
reflect the terms of the relevant successor definitional booklet or version. 
(b) 
Linear Interpolation 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the ISDA 
Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where "ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. If such 
provisions apply, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(g) 
(Linear Interpolation) shall not apply to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
(3) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination

--- Page 886 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
886 
 
(I) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Non-Index Determination 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as the manner in which a Floating Interest Rate is to be 
determined, the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below and save where Index Determination applies, be 
the Compounded Daily SONIA (the "SONIA Floating Rate") as determined 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (if any is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SONIA Floating Rate) the 
Margin (if any) and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SONIA Floating 
Rate).  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, "Compounded Daily SONIA" 
means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards, or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention in the derivatives 
market): 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as follows: 
቎ෑቀ1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365ቁ−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× 365
𝑑𝑑 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, as follows: 
቎ෑቀ1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖−5𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365ቁ−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× 365
𝑑𝑑 
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA rate in respect of 
any London Banking Day. The SONIA rate applied to a day that is not a 
London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA rate for the 
previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings: 
"d" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Observation Period; and

--- Page 887 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
887 
 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Period. 
"d0" means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of London 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of London Banking Days 
in the relevant Interest Period. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and 
including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period; 
and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period to, and including, the 
last London Banking Day in such Interest Period. 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
following London Banking Day. 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling five London Banking Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
five London Banking Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling five London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period and subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(b)(i)(8) (Corrections in respect of compounded rates and 
indices), a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(SONIA) rate (the "SONIA rate") for such London Banking Day as provided 
by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day 
"SONIAi-5LBD" in respect of any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant 
Interest Period, means a reference rate equal to the SONIA rate for the London 
Banking Day falling five London Banking Days prior to such London 
Banking Day "i" as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised

--- Page 888 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
888 
 
distributors and as then published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the 
London Banking Day immediately following the London Banking Day 
falling five London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day "i"). 
∏
⬚
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖=1
 means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For 
example, 
൥ෑ൬1 + 𝑋𝑋𝑖𝑖
365൰−1
30
𝑖𝑖=1
൩ 
means [(1 + X1 / 365 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2 / 365 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 365 ) – 
1]. 
(II) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination 
"Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be 
determined and Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be calculated by reference to the 
screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average reference rate that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time at the relevant 
time on the relevant determination dates specified below (subject as provided 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(8) (Corrections in respect of 
compounded rates and indices), the "SONIA Compounded Index") and the 
following formula (the "SONIA Index Floating Rate"). Such Floating 
Interest Rate will be plus or minus (if any is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in relation to such SONIA Index Floating Rate) the Margin (if any) 
and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SONIA Index Floating Rate): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA =  
ቆ𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑦𝑦
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑥𝑥
−1ቇ× ൬365
𝑑𝑑൰ 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the 
following meanings: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which "x" is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which "y" is 
determined;  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"x" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined 
in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period; and

--- Page 889 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
889 
 
"y" denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined 
in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the Final Interest Period End Date of the relevant Interest Period. 
(III) 
Non-availability 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 (Hierarchy 
Provisions and Adjustments) and save where Index Determination applies, 
the following provisions (the "SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback Provisions") 
will apply if, in respect of any London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the relevant Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors. In such 
circumstances, the Calculation Agent will determine such SONIA rate as 
being: (i)(A) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing 
at close of business on such day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there 
is more than one lowest spread, one only of those spreads) to the Bank Rate, 
or (ii) if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on such day, the SONIA rate published on the relevant Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on 
such Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that 
is to replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it 
is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine the 
SONIA rate for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA rate is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 (Hierarchy 
Provisions and Adjustments) and where Index Determination is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following provisions (the 
"SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions") will apply if in respect of any relevant 
determination date a SONIA Compounded Index value has not been provided 
or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor 
administrator) or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not 
available. In these circumstances, the relevant SONIA Compounded Index 
value shall be determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent 
(as applicable) in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having 
regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark 
then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market).  
(IV) 
Amendments to SONIA Methodology 
In the event that the administrator of SONIA amends the methodology of 
SONIA (including, without limitation, amendments to the time of publication 
of the relevant rate), the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) may but shall not be required to make any related or consequential 
changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Condition

--- Page 890 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
890 
 
(including, without limitation, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest) that the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent 
(as applicable) determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such 
other manner as the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
determines is reasonably necessary). 
(4) 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
(I) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index Determination 
Where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, 
the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and save where Index Determination applies, be 
Compounded Daily SOFR (the "SOFR Floating Rate") as determined on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SOFR Floating Rate) the Margin 
(if any) and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SOFR Floating Rate). 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded 
if necessary to the nearest one-hundred thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards, or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention in the derivatives market: 
቎ෑቀ1 + 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360ቁ−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (where "SOFR OIS Compounding" 
or "SOFR Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest Period or (where 
"SOFR Compounding with Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period;  
"d0" means, (where "SOFR OIS Compounding" or "SOFR Compounding 
with Lookback" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Issue Terms) in respect of any Interest Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Period or 
(where "SOFR Compounding with Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any SOFR

--- Page 891 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
891 
 
Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(where "SOFR OIS Compounding" or "SOFR Compounding with Lookback" 
is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) in the 
relevant Interest Period or (where "SOFR Compounding with Observation 
Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms) 
the SOFR Observation Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", means the number 
of calendar days from and including, such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day ("i+1");  
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-Back Period specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Relevant SOFR Level" means: 
(i) 
where "SOFR OIS Compounding" is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for such day, Provided That, for 
the purposes of calculating the SOFR Floating Rate for the final 
Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the period from (and including) the 
SOFR Reference Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date or the redemption date, as applicable, shall be the SOFR 
Reference Rate for such SOFR Reference Rate Cut-off Date; or 
(ii) 
where "SOFR Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms, (save as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such day; or 
(iii) 
where "SOFR Compounding with Observation Period Shift" is 
specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) SOFRi, 
where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, 
the SOFR Reference Rate for such day;

--- Page 892 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
892 
 
"SOFR Observation Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest Period to but excluding 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
Final Interest Period End Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period;  
"SOFR Reference Rate", in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day ("USBDx") and subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(8) (Corrections in respect of compounded rates 
and indices), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing 
("SOFR") rate for such USBDx as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator 
of such rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of any 
successor administrator for the publication of such rate (the "New York 
Federal Reserve's Website") (in each case, on or about 8:00 am., New York 
City time, on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such USBDx) or if the New York Federal Reserve's Website is 
unavailable as otherwise published by or on behalf of the relevant 
administrator PROVIDED THAT, where a Daily Capped Rate and/or a Daily 
Floored Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of an 
Interest Period, such SOFR Reference Rate shall the lesser of such rate and 
the relevant Daily Capped Rate and/or the greater of such rate and the relevant 
Daily Floored Rate, as applicable; and 
"SOFR Reference Rate Cut-off Date" means the day that is the second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the Maturity Date or the 
redemption date, as applicable. 
(II) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination 
Where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined 
and Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be calculated by reference to the following 
formula and based on the SOFR Index (as defined below) (the "SOFR Index 
Floating Rate") and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards, or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention in the derivatives market.  Such Floating Interest Rate will be plus 
or minus (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such 
SOFR Index Floating Rate) the Margin (if any) and multiplied by the Interest 
Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation 
to such SOFR Index Floating Rate): 
Compounded Daily SOFR =  
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
−1൰× ൬360
𝑑𝑑𝑐𝑐
൰ 
where:

--- Page 893 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
893 
 
"dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation 
to which SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation 
to which SOFR IndexEnd is determined; 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
5(b)(i)(8) (Corrections in respect of compounded rates and indices), the SOFR 
Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such index (or any successor administrator of such index) as 
such index appears on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of any 
successor administrator for the publication of such index at 3:00 pm New 
York City time; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the relevant 
Final Interest Period End Date; 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first 
date of the relevant Interest Period; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day, 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes 
of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(III) 
Non-availability 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 (Hierarchy 
Provisions and Adjustments), the following provisions (the "SOFR Fallback 
Provisions") will apply if in respect of any relevant determination date a 
SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, has not been provided or 
published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor 
administrator) or authorised distributers or the relevant website is not 
available. In these circumstances, the relevant SOFR or SOFR Index value, 
as applicable, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent (as applicable) in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative 
benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market). 
(IV) 
Amendments to SOFR Methodology 
In the event that the administrator of SOFR amends the methodology of 
SOFR (including, without limitation, amendments to the time of publication 
of the relevant rate), the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) may but shall not be required to make any related or consequential 
changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Condition

--- Page 894 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
894 
 
(including, without limitation, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity 
(where applicable)) that the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent 
(as applicable) determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such 
other manner as the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
determines is reasonably necessary). 
(5) 
€STR Floating Rate Determination 
(I) 
Compounded Daily €STR 
Where €STR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be determined, 
the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below and save where Index Determination applies, be 
Compounded Daily €STR (the "€STR Floating Rate") as determined on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such €STR Floating Rate) the Margin (if 
any) and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such €STR Floating Rate). 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the euro short-term 
rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date as 
follows (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards, or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention in the 
derivatives market): 
቎ෑቀ1 + 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 €𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿 𝑥𝑥𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360ቁ−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (where "€STR OIS Compounding" 
or "€STR Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest Period or (where 
in the applicable Issue Terms "€STR Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift" is specified as the Compounding Method) the relevant €STR 
Observation Period;  
"d0" means, (where "€STR OIS Compounding" or "€STR Compounding with 
Lookback" is specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms) in respect of any Interest Period, the number of T2 Business Days in 
the relevant Interest Period or (where "€STR Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift" is specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue

--- Page 895 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
895 
 
Terms) in respect of any €STR Observation Period, the number of T2 
Business Days in the relevant €STR Observation Period; 
"€STR Observation Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" T2 Business Days preceding 
the first date in such Interest Period to but excluding the date falling "p" T2 
Business Days preceding the Final Interest Period End Date in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period;  
"€STR Reference Rate", in respect of any T2 Business Day "i" and subject 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(8) (Corrections in 
respect of compounded rates and indices), is a reference rate equal to the euro 
short-term rate ("€STR") rate for such day "i" as provided by the European 
Central Bank (the "ECB"), as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) and published on the ECB's website (or any other 
authorised source) as of 9:00am (Frankfurt time) and as then published on the 
relevant Page or, if the relevant Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by the administrator of €STR or such authorised distributors, in each case on 
the T2 Settlement Day immediately following such T2 Settlement Day 
Provided That, where a Daily Capped Rate and/or a Daily Floored Rate is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Period, such 
€STR Reference Rate shall the lesser of such rate and the relevant Daily 
Capped Rate and/or the greater of such rate and the relevant Daily Floored 
Rate;  
"€STR Reference Rate Cut-off Date" means the date that is the number of 
T2 Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or if none is 
specified, the second T2 Business Day) prior to the Maturity Date or the 
redemption date, as applicable; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the 
relevant T2 Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first T2 Business Day (where "€STR OIS Compounding" or "€STR 
Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the applicable Issue Terms) in the relevant Interest Period or (where "€STR 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the €STR Observation 
Period; 
"ni" for any T2 Business Day "i", means the number of calendar days from 
and including, such T2 Business Day up to, but excluding, the following T2 
Business Day ("i+1");  
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of T2 Business Days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the number of T2 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; and 
"Relevant €STR Level" means:

--- Page 896 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
896 
 
(i) 
where "€STR OIS Compounding" is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of any T2 Business 
Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, the €STR Reference Rate for 
such day, Provided That, for the purposes of calculating the €STR 
Floating Rate for the final Interest Period, the €STR Reference Rate 
for each T2 Business Day in the period from (and including) the 
€STR Reference Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date or the redemption date, as applicable, shall be the €STR 
Reference Rate for such €STR Reference Rate Cut-off Date; or 
(ii) 
where "€STR Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms, (save as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any T2 
Business Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Period, the €STR 
Reference Rate for the T2 Business Day falling "p" T2 Business 
Days prior to such day; or 
(iii) 
where "€STR Compounding with Observation Period Shift" is 
specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) €STRi, 
where "€STRi" is, in respect of any T2 Business Day "i" falling in 
the relevant €STR Observation Period, the €STR Reference Rate for 
such day. 
(II) 
Non-availability 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 (Hierarchy 
Provisions and Adjustments), the following provisions (the "€STR Fallback 
Provisions") will apply if €STR in respect of any T2 Business Day (the 
"Relevant T2 Business Day") is not published on the relevant Page or by 
another authorised distributor, and is not otherwise provided by the 
administrator of €STR, by either (A) the immediately following T2 Business 
Day (or any amended publication day for €STR as specified by the 
administrator of €STR in the €STR benchmark methodology) or (B) such 
other date and time on which €STR for the Relevant T2 Business Day is 
required for the purpose of any determination pursuant to the Conditions. In 
such circumstances and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Conditions, €STR for the Relevant T2 Business Day shall be deemed to be 
the rate equal to the last provided or published level for €STR as at the T2 
Business Day on which €STR was originally required. 
(III) 
Amendment of €STR Methodology 
In the event that the administrator of €STR amends the methodology of €STR 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the time of publication of the 
relevant rate), the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
may but shall not be required to make any related or consequential changes 
to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Condition (including, 
without limitation, any technical, administrative or operational changes, 
changes to timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments 
of interest and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where 
applicable)) that the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially consistent

--- Page 897 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
897 
 
with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent 
(as applicable) determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such 
other manner as the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
determines is reasonably necessary). 
(6) 
SARON Floating Rate Determination 
(I) 
Compounded Daily SARON 
Where SARON Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as the manner in which the Floating Interest Rate is to be 
determined, the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below and save where Index Determination applies, be 
Compounded Daily SARON (the "SARON Floating Rate") as determined 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (if any is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SARON Floating Rate) the 
Margin (if any) and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such SARON Floating 
Rate). 
"Compounded Daily SARON" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the Swiss average 
rate overnight (SARON) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as follows (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards, or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention in the derivatives market): 
቎ෑቀ1 + 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿 𝑥𝑥𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360ቁ−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (where "SARON OIS 
Compounding" or "SARON Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Interest 
Period or (where in the applicable Issue Terms "SARON Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift" is specified as the Compounding Method) the 
relevant SARON Observation Period;  
"d0" means, (where "SARON OIS Compounding" or "SARON Compounding 
with Lookback" is specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable 
Issue Terms) in respect of any Interest Period, the number of Zurich Banking 
Days in the relevant Interest Period or (where "SARON Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift" is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any SARON Observation Period, the 
number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation Period;

--- Page 898 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
898 
 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the 
relevant Zurich Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first Zurich Banking Day (where "SARON OIS Compounding" or "SARON 
Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the Compounding Method in 
the applicable Issue Terms) in the relevant Interest Period or (where "SARON 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms) the SARON 
Observation Period; 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from 
and including, such Zurich Banking Day up to, but excluding, the following 
Zurich Banking Day ("i+1");  
"Observation Look-Back Period" means the number of Zurich Banking 
Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"p" means (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the number of 
Zurich Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Relevant SARON Level" means: 
(i) 
where "SARON OIS Compounding" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of 
any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, the 
SARON Reference Rate for such day, Provided That, for the 
purposes of calculating the SARON Floating Rate for the final 
Interest Period, the SARON Reference Rate for each Zurich Banking 
Day in the period from (and including) the SARON Reference Rate 
Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption 
date, as applicable, shall be the SARON Reference Rate for such 
SARON Reference Rate Cut-off Date; or 
(ii) 
where "SARON Compounding with Lookback" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms, (save as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) in respect of any Zurich 
Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SARON 
Reference Rate for the Zurich Banking Day falling "p" Zurich 
Banking Days prior to such day; or 
(iii) 
where "SARON Compounding with Observation Period Shift" is 
specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (save as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) SARONi, 
where "SARONi" is, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day "i" 
falling in the relevant SARON Observation Period, the SARON 
Reference Rate for such day; 
"SARON Observation Period" means in respect of each Interest Period, the 
period from and including the date falling "p" Zurich Banking Days preceding 
the first date in such Interest Period to but excluding the date falling "p" 
Zurich Banking Days preceding the Final Interest Period End Date in respect 
of the relevant Interest Period; and

--- Page 899 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
899 
 
"SARON Reference Rate", in respect of any Zurich Banking Day "i" and 
subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(8) 
(Corrections in respect of compounded rates and indices), is a reference rate 
equal to the Swiss average rate overnight ("SARON") rate for such day "i" as 
provided by the SIX Index AG, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the relevant Page or, if the Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by the administrator of SARON or such authorised distributors, in 
each case, at or after 6:00 p.m. (Zurich time) on the same Zurich Banking Day 
Provided That, where a Daily Capped Rate and/or a Daily Floored Rate is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Period, such 
SARON Reference Rate shall the lesser of such rate and the relevant Daily 
Capped Rate and/or the greater of such rate and the relevant Daily Floored 
Rate, as applicable; and 
"SARON Reference Rate Cut-off Date" means the date that is the number 
of Zurich Banking Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or if none is 
specified, the second Zurich Banking Day) prior to the Maturity Date or the 
redemption date, as applicable. 
(II) 
Non-availability 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 (Hierarchy 
Provisions and Adjustments), the following provisions (the "SARON 
Fallback Provisions") will apply if SARON in respect of any Zurich Banking 
Day (the "Relevant Zurich Banking Day") is not published on the relevant 
Page or by another authorised distributor, and is not otherwise provided by 
the administrator of SARON, by either (A) that Zurich Banking Day (or any 
amended publication day for SARON as specified by the administrator of 
SARON in the SARON benchmark methodology) or (B) such other date and 
time on which SARON for the Relevant Zurich Banking Day is required for 
the purpose of any determination pursuant to the Conditions. In such 
circumstances and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, 
SARON for the Relevant Zurich Banking Day shall be deemed to be equal to 
the last provided or published level for SARON as at the Zurich Banking Day 
on which SARON was originally required. 
(III) 
Amendment of SARON Methodology 
In the event that the administrator of SARON amends the methodology of 
SARON (including, without limitation, amendments to the time of 
publication of the relevant rate), the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent (as applicable) may but shall not be required to make any related or 
consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in this 
Condition (including, without limitation, any technical, administrative or 
operational changes, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates 
and making payments of interest and changes to the definition of Designated 
Maturity (where applicable)) that the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent (as applicable) determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent (as applicable) decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that no appropriate market

--- Page 900 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
900 
 
practice exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) determines is reasonably necessary). 
(7) 
Payments in respect of interest on early redemption 
In circumstances where an Early Redemption Amount becomes payable in 
respect of any interest bearing Notes in accordance with the Conditions on a 
date other than an Interest Period End Date and (i) separate amounts in respect 
of accrued interest are specified to be payable on early redemption and/or 
(ii) the Early Redemption Amount is defined to include an amount of accrued 
interest separate from any amounts in respect of principal or any option or 
interest on any option (the "Embedded Accrued Interest Amount") and/or 
(iii) any Early Redemption Amount does not include amounts in respect of 
accrued interest, the Issuer shall pay, in lieu of any such separate or embedded 
amounts of interest, an amount on account of the unpaid interest element of 
the Notes being early redeemed (the "Early Redemption Interest Amount") 
in addition to the relevant Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption 
Interest Amount shall be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
where the Interest Rate and/or Interest Amount and/or Embedded 
Accrued Interest Amount applicable to the Interest Payment Date 
falling immediately after the date of early redemption can be 
determined prior to the relevant date of early redemption, the Early 
Redemption Interest Amount shall be calculated as the amount of 
accrued but unpaid interest payable in respect of each Calculation 
Amount determined on the basis of the Conditions, adjusted only so 
that the due date for early redemption is deemed to be the final 
Interest Payment Date, and applying the Day Count Fraction 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or otherwise as the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
determines appropriate, taking into account the period elapsed since 
the previous Interest Period End Date or (if none) the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in all other cases, the Early Redemption Interest Amount shall be 
calculated as an amount determined by the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) as reflecting the fair market 
value of the unpaid interest element of the relevant Calculation 
Amount (if any) less (except in the case of any early redemption 
pursuant to General Condition 9 (Events of Default) the 
proportionate cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements in 
respect of the Notes (including, without limitation, any options 
relating to any Underlying hedging the Issuer's obligations under the 
Notes and, for the purposes of determining the fair market value of 
such Calculation Amount for the purposes of General Condition 9 
(Events of Default), no account shall be taken of the financial 
condition of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor which, in each case, shall be presumed to be able to 
perform fully their respective obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no such Early Redemption Interest Amount which 
is contingent upon any event shall be payable in respect of the Notes, unless 
all the relevant events have been satisfied.

--- Page 901 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
901 
 
(8) 
Corrections in respect of compounded rates and indices 
In the event that any SONIA rate, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR 
Reference Rate, SOFR Index value, €STR Reference Rate or SARON 
Reference Rate is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the "Corrected 
Rate") is published after the original publication but no later than the longer 
of (a) one hour after such original publication and (b) any other period for 
corrections specified by a relevant administrator in its methodology for the 
relevant rate or index, then PROVIDED THAT such Corrected Rate is 
published on or prior to the date falling two Business Days prior to the date 
on which a related payment is scheduled to be made under the Notes (the 
"Relevant Scheduled Payment Date"), then such Corrected Rate shall be 
deemed to be the rate for the relevant date and the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) shall use such Corrected Rate in 
determining any relevant amount payable in respect of the Notes. Any 
corrections published after the second Business Day prior to the Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining 
the relevant Screen Rate. 
(ii) 
CMS Interest Linked Notes 
The CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions apply to the Notes if specified to apply in 
the applicable Issue Terms or are otherwise deemed to apply as provided under the 
terms of this Valuation and Settlement Schedule ("CMS Interest Linked Notes"). 
Each CMS Interest Linked Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as otherwise provided 
in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, such interest (being an "Interest 
Amount") will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date(s) to which the 
CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms).  
Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or 
about such Interest Payment Date. The Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period 
and/or Interest Payment Date to which the CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions apply 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be equal to the CMS Interest Rate. 
If an Interest Rate or a Reference Rate for any period or any relevant day (including 
any Interest Payment Date) is specified in any other Valuation and Settlement 
Condition or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a "CMS Interest Rate", the relevant 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate will be determined in accordance with this Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 5(b)(ii). 
A different CMS Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or 
Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Single CMS Interest Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
"Single CMS Interest Rate", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest 
Period or any relevant day will be equal to the CMS Reference Rate, plus or

--- Page 902 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
902 
 
minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference 
Rate), and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Worse of CMS Interest Rates 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Worse 
of CMS Interest Rates", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period 
or any relevant day will be equal to the lesser of: (1) CMS Reference Rate 1 
plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 1 (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 
1), and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 1 (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 1), and (2) CMS 
Reference Rate 2, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) 
Margin 2 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such 
CMS Reference Rate 2), and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 2 (if any 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference 
Rate 2). Where foregoing (1) and (2) are the same value, then such value will 
be the relevant CMS Interest Rate.  
(C) 
CMS Spread Interest Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period 
or any relevant day will be equal to the difference between (1) CMS 
Reference Rate 1, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) 
Margin 1 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such 
CMS Reference Rate 1), and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 1 (if 
any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS 
Reference Rate 1), MINUS (2) CMS Reference Rate 2, plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 2 (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2), and 
multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 2 (if any is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2). 
(D) 
CMS Reference Rate Fallback Provisions 
In respect of a CMS Reference Rate and the Relevant Swap Rate (used to 
determine such CMS Reference Rate), subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 24 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments), if a Page 
for such Relevant Swap Rate is not available or the Relevant Swap Rate does 
not appear on the Page or the Relevant Swap Rate is not provided or published 
by the relevant administrator and/or a relevant authorised distributor or a 
component of the Relevant Swap Rate is not provided or published, in each 
case as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question, the Relevant Swap Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it 
deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking 
into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). For the avoidance of doubt and

--- Page 903 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
903 
 
without limitation, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) may determine the Relevant Swap Rate by reference to one of the 
following:  
(i) 
the Relevant Swap Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where 
applicable) published on the relevant Interest Determination Date on 
a different screen page by another authorised distributor of the 
relevant rate; 
(ii) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the 
Relevant Swap Rate or the supervisor or competent authority (or a 
committee endorsed or convened by any such entity) responsible for 
supervising the Relevant Swap Rate or the administrator thereof; or 
(iii) 
the Relevant Swap Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where 
applicable) last provided or published by the relevant administrator; 
or 
(iv) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) on a date determined by the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) for a representative amount 
(and, where relevant, with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in 
the swap market) and, if applicable, for a term equal to the 
designated maturity, calculated in the manner determined by the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable). 
In the event that the administrator of a Relevant Swap Rate amends the 
methodology of such Relevant Swap Rate (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the time of publication of the relevant rate), the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) may but shall not be required 
to make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise 
provided for in this Condition (including, without limitation, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes, changes to timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest and changes to the 
definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines to be appropriate in 
a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that no 
appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines is reasonably 
necessary).  
In the event that the Relevant Swap Rate is subsequently corrected, and the 
correction (the "Corrected Rate") is published after the original publication 
but no later than the longer of (a) one hour after such original publication and 
(b) any other period for corrections specified by a relevant administrator in 
its methodology for the Relevant Swap Rate, then PROVIDED THAT such 
Corrected Rate is published on or prior to the date falling two Business Days 
prior to the date on which a related payment is scheduled to be made under 
the Notes (the "Relevant Scheduled Payment Date"), then such Corrected

--- Page 904 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
904 
 
Rate shall be deemed to be the Relevant Swap Rate and the Calculation Agent 
or Determination Agent (as applicable) shall use such Corrected Rate in 
determining any relevant amount payable in respect of the Notes. Any 
corrections published after the second Business Day prior to the Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining 
the Relevant Swap Rate. 
If the Relevant Swap Rate is determined by the Determination Agent as 
provided above, the Determination Agent shall notify the Calculation Agent 
and the Issuer of any such Relevant Swap Rate so determined as soon as 
reasonably practicable, but in any event, prior to the date on which any 
relevant amount is to be determined. 
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) shall not be 
responsible to the Issuer, Guarantor or to any third party as a result of the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) having acted on 
any quotation given by any reference bank. 
(iii) 
Forward Rate Notes 
If a Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be a Forward Rate, 
the "Forward Rate" for an Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
by requesting each of the Forward Rate Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Implied Forward Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If five of the Forward Rate Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Calculation Agent and the Forward Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided below) of such offered quotations.  
If four or three of the Forward Rate Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Forward Rate for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations for 
the Forward Rate. If fewer than three Forward Rate Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the Forward Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, having regard to comparable benchmarks then 
available. 
The Calculation Agent shall not be responsible to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or 
the CGMFL Guarantor or to any third party as a result of the Calculation Agent having 
acted on any quotation given by any Reference Bank. 
"Forward Rate Reference Banks" means the principal office in the Relevant 
Financial Centre of five major banks in the interbank market of the Relevant Financial 
Centre, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Implied Forward Rate" means, at any time, the implied forward rate representing 
the then current expectations of the future interest rate specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 905 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
905 
 
(c) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
(i) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates 
If a Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate (or both) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms for an Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period and/or any 
relevant day (including any Interest Payment Date), then if the Interest Rate for such 
Interest Period and/or such day calculated in accordance with the other terms of this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule would otherwise be (1) greater than such 
Maximum Interest Rate, the Interest Rate shall be such Maximum Interest Rate, or (2) 
less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Interest Rate shall be such Minimum Interest 
Rate. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate for 
each Interest Period shall be deemed to be zero. 
If the Notes are New York Law Notes and the Principal Amount of the relevant 
Tranche is less than U.S.$2,500,000 (or equivalent), in addition to any Maximum 
Interest Rate as provided above, where the Interest Rate is other than a fixed rate of 
interest, the Interest Rate will in no event be higher than the maximum rate permitted 
by applicable law. 
(ii) 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
If a Maximum Reference Rate or Minimum Reference Rate (or both) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms for a Reference Rate in respect of an Interest Period and/or 
any relevant day (including any Interest Payment Date), then if the Reference Rate for 
such Interest Period and/or such day calculated in accordance with the other terms of 
this Valuation and Settlement Schedule would otherwise be (1) greater than such 
Maximum Reference Rate, the Reference Rate shall be such Maximum Reference 
Rate, or (2) less than such Minimum Reference Rate, the Interest Rate shall be such 
Minimum Reference Rate.  
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Reference Rate 
in respect of any Reference Rate for an Interest Period or any relevant day (as 
applicable) shall be deemed to be zero. 
If the Notes are New York Law Notes and the Principal Amount of the relevant 
Tranche is less than U.S.$2,500,000 (or equivalent), in addition to any Maximum 
Reference Rate as provided above, where the Interest Rate is other than a fixed rate of 
interest, the Interest Rate will in no event be higher than the maximum rate permitted 
by applicable law. 
(d) 
Calculations in respect of Floating Rate Notes and CMS Interest Linked Notes 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the "Interest Amount" payable on the Floating Rate Notes 
or the CMS Interest Linked Notes, as the case may be, for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the relevant Interest Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or CMS Interest Linked Notes, as the case may be, 
which are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, the aggregate 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Registered Note 
Certificate; or

--- Page 906 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
906 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes or CMS Interest Linked Notes, as the case may be, 
in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and (ii) 
where the Range Accrual Note Provisions apply, multiplying the product calculated in (i) by 
the Accrual Rate. The resultant figure will be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Note, is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined 
in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
(e) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts 
As soon as practicable after each Interest Determination Date or, as applicable, all the Interest 
Determination Dates relevant for the determination of the relevant Interest Rate, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the relevant Interest Rate and calculate the relevant Interest Amounts in 
respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The Interest Amounts 
and the Interest Rate so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under General Condition 
9 (Events of Default), the interest (if any) and the Interest Rate payable in respect of the Notes 
shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(e) but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made. 
(f) 
Notification of Interest Rate and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Interest Rate and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and 
any stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof 
to be published in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. For 
the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London. 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms or in the case of CMS Interest Linked Notes) or the relevant Floating 
Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period PROVIDED 
HOWEVER THAT if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case

--- Page 907 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
907 
 
may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(h) 
Definitions 
In this Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the following terms shall have the respective 
meanings set out below (and for the avoidance of doubt, the following terms apply to Notes 
other than Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes and CMS Interest Linked Notes where the 
context requires): 
"Accrual Rate" shall be determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 6 
(Range Accrual Notes). 
"CMS Interest Rate" means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant 
day (including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(b)(ii) (CMS Interest Linked Notes). 
"CMS Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day, the Relevant 
Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated 
Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) which appears on the Page as at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"CMS Reference Rate 1" means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the terms "Relevant Swap Rate", "Reference Currency", "Designated 
Maturity", "Page", "Relevant Time" and "Interest Determination Date" and any other relevant 
term will each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms under the heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 1". 
"CMS Reference Rate 2" means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the terms "Relevant Swap Rate", "Reference Currency", "Designated 
Maturity", "Page", "Relevant Time" and "Interest Determination Date" and any other relevant 
term will each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms under the heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 2". 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time, whether or not constituting an Interest Period (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Calculation Period begins

--- Page 908 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
908 
 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
(B) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (x) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (y) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(D) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a payment falling in 
a leap year, 366; 
(E) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(F) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, 
Inflation Rate Notes or DIR Inflation Linked Interest Notes, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(G) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to Floating Rate Notes or CMS Interest Linked Notes, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 909 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
909 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; or 
(H) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(I) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 − D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 910 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
910 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(J) 
if "1/1" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 1; 
(K) 
if "Calculation/252" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of 
Calculation Days in the Calculation Period divided by 252, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = ൬𝐷𝐷𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶
252 ൰ 
where:  
"Calculation Days" or "DCDp" is the number of Business Days in the Calculation 
Period; or 
(L) 
if "RBA Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Periods are three months in length (excluding any shorter 
or longer first and last Calculation Period), 0.25, except that if the first 
Calculation Period or the last Calculation Period is less than three months, 
"Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall apply to that Calculation Period; 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Periods are six months in length (excluding any shorter or 
longer first and last Calculation Period), 0.5, except that if the first Calculation 
Period or the last Calculation Period is less than six months, 
"Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall apply to that Calculation Period; and 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Periods are twelve months in length (excluding any shorter 
or longer first and last Calculation Period), 1, except that if the first 
Calculation Period or the last Calculation Period is less than twelve months, 
"Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall apply to that Calculation Period. 
"Designated Maturity" means, (i) for the purposes of a determination of a CMS Reference 
Rate, a period of time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such 
CMS Reference Rate, and (ii) for any other purposes, a period of time specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Determination Agent" means the Calculation Agent or such other entity appointed by the 
Issuer and specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or any successor or replacement 
entity appointed by the Issuer from time to time. 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date).

--- Page 911 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
911 
 
"Final Interest Period End Date" means, for the purposes of calculating interest in respect of 
any Interest Period, the date an Interest Period ends on but excludes. 
"Fixed Interest Rate" means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period and/or such 
Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms determined in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 5(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). 
"Floating Interest Rate" means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period and/or any 
relevant day (including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i) (Floating Rate Notes). 
"Interest Basis Table" means a table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Notes (the "Issue Date") or 
such other date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Where the Notes have more 
than one interest basis, an Interest Commencement Date will be specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of each such interest basis. 
"Interest Determination Date" means:  
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify:  
(A) 
"Daily Rate Determination" to be applicable, in respect of a Reference Rate 
for any relevant day, the Interest Determination Date shall be such relevant 
day, or  
(B) 
"Periodic Rate Determination" to be applicable, in respect of a Reference Rate 
for any Interest Period, the Interest Determination Date shall be any date 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(ii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)": 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is (i) (a) the SONIA Floating Rate, the fifth London 
Banking Day prior to the end of each Interest Period, or (b) the SONIA Index 
Floating Rate, the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the relevant Final Interest Period End Date, or (ii) (a) the SOFR 
Floating Rate (except where "SOFR OIS Compounding" is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the applicable Issue Terms, in relation to which 
paragraph (iii) below shall apply), the Second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or (b) the SOFR 
Index Floating Rate, the day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the relevant Final Interest Period End Date; 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the second T2 Business Day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period; 
(C) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), the 
second day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Stockholm 
prior to the start of each Interest Period;

--- Page 912 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
912 
 
(D) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), the 
second day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo prior to 
the start of each Interest Period; 
(E) 
if the Reference Rate is the Copenhagen interbank offered rate (CIBOR), the 
first day of each Interest Period; 
(F) 
if the Reference Rate is the Romanian interbank offered rate (ROBOR), the 
second day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Bucharest 
prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(G) 
if the Reference Rate is the Tokyo interbank offered rate (TIBOR), the second 
day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo prior to the start of 
each Interest Period; 
(H) 
if the Reference Rate is the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (HIBOR), the 
first day of each Interest Period; 
(I) 
if the Reference Rate is the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate (BBSW), the first 
day of each Interest Period; or 
(J) 
if the Reference Rate is the New Zealand Bank Bill reference rate (BKBM), 
the first day of each Interest Period; or 
(iii) 
if SOFR Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating Rate Determination or SARON 
Floating Rate Determination applies and the Compounding Method is specified to be 
SOFR OIS Compounding, €STR OIS Compounding or SARON OIS Compounding 
(as applicable) in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Period End Date falling at 
the end of the relevant Interest Period (or such other date or dates, if any, specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms) Provided That, in any such case, the Interest 
Determination Date with respect to the final Interest Period for which such 
Compounding Method applies will be the SOFR Reference Rate Cut-Off Date, the 
€STR Reference Rate Cut-Off Date or the SARON Reference Rate Cut-Off Date, 
respectively, 
or the date otherwise defined in these Terms and Conditions or specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and, where the applicable Issue Terms specify one or more Reference Rates for an 
Interest Period or a relevant day or different Reference Rates for different Interest Periods or 
days, the Interest Determination Date will be construed in respect of each Reference Rate for 
each Interest Period or day. 
"Interest Participation Rate" means, in respect of any Interest Rate or Reference Rate (each a 
"Relevant Rate") for a relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or for an Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date, the amount or percentage rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Relevant Rate for such day 
and/or such Interest Period, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, each 
amount or percentage rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Interest 
Participation Rate" in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified 
in the column "Interest Period End Date(s)") on which such Interest Period End Date is 
scheduled to fall, PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specify Interest Participation

--- Page 913 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
913 
 
Rate to be not applicable, it shall be deemed to be equal to one. Where the applicable Issue 
Terms specify more than one Interest Participation Rate for different Relevant Rates, the Interest 
Participation Rate will be construed to apply to each Relevant Rate for each relevant day 
(including an Interest Payment Date) and/or each Interest Period. 
"Interest Participation Rate 1" means, in respect of CMS Reference Rate 1, an Interest 
Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to CMS 
Reference Rate 1. 
"Interest Participation Rate 2" means, in respect of CMS Reference Rate 2, an Interest 
Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to CMS 
Reference Rate 2. 
"Interest Payment Date" means:  
(i) 
if SOFR Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating Rate Determination or SARON 
Floating Rate Determination applies and the Compounding Method is specified to be 
SOFR OIS Compounding, €STR OIS Compounding or SARON OIS Compounding 
(as applicable) in the applicable Issue Terms, and "Delayed Payment" also applies: 
(I) 
the date that is the number of Delayed Interest Payment Dates falling after the 
relevant Interest Period End Date, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
or  
(II) 
if Delayed Interest Payment Dates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "As specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)": 
(a) in respect of SOFR, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days, (b) 
in respect of €STR, two T2 Business Days and (c) in respect of SARON, two 
Zurich Banking Days after the relevant Interest Period End Date,  
Provided That, in each case, the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest 
Period will be the Maturity Date or other date for redemption of the relevant Notes; or 
(ii) 
if ISDA Determination and OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging applies and 
"Delayed Payment" also applies,  
(I) 
the date that is the number of Delayed Interest Payment Dates falling after the 
relevant Interest Period End Date, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
or  
(II) 
if Delayed Interest Payment Dates are specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "As specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)": 
(a) in respect of SOFR, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days, (b) 
in respect of €STR, two T2 Business Days and (c) in respect of SARON, two 
Zurich Banking Days after the relevant Interest Period End Date,  
Provided That the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Period will 
be the Maturity Date or other date for redemption of the relevant Notes; or 
(iii) 
if a Specified Period is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each date which falls 
the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable 
Issue Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, the Interest Commencement Date; or

--- Page 914 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
914 
 
(iv) 
otherwise, the date(s) in each year specified as Interest Payment Date(s) in the 
applicable Issue Terms, 
or otherwise, shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period End Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next succeeding Interest Period End Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes are redeemed 
early other than on a scheduled date for redemption. 
"Interest Period End Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if none is so specified, each Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Rate" means (i) Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) Floating Interest Rate, (iii) CMS Interest 
Rate, or (iv) any other rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and 
which is either specified, or calculated in accordance with the provisions, herein or specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, and where more than one Interest Rate is so specified, the Interest 
Rate shall be the rate specified in respect of the relevant Interest Period and/or Interest Payment 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any calendar day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"Margin" means, in respect of any Interest Rate or Reference Rate (each a "Relevant Rate") 
for a relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or for an Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) an Interest Period End Date, the percentage rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Relevant Rate for such day and/or such Interest Period, 
which shall be preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" (minus) sign (PROVIDED THAT if the 
applicable Issue Terms specify Margin to be not applicable in respect of such Relevant Rate, it 
shall be deemed to be equal to zero), or if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, 
each percentage rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Margin" (which shall 
be preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" (minus) sign) in the row corresponding to such day 
or corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Period End Date(s)") on which 
such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. Where the applicable Issue Terms specify 
more than one Margin for different Relevant Rates, the Margin will be construed to apply to 
each Relevant Rate for each relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or each 
Interest Period. 
"Margin 1" means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Margin 2" means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Maximum Interest Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Maximum Interest Rate" in 
the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column entitled 
"Interest Period End Date(s)") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall, 
provided in respect of Notes which are New York Law Notes, the Maximum Interest Rate shall 
be subject to the usury limits permitted by the law of the State of New York.

--- Page 915 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
915 
 
"Maximum Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Maximum Reference Rate" 
in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column 
entitled "Interest Period End Date") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
"Minimum Interest Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Minimum Interest Rate" in 
the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column entitled 
"Interest Period End Date") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
"Minimum Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Minimum Reference Rate" 
in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column 
entitled "Interest Period End Date") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall 
"Page" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, such display page as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms for the purpose of providing such Reference Rate, or (i) any successor 
display page, other published source, information vendor or provider that has been officially 
designated by the sponsor of the original display page or (ii) if the sponsor has not officially 
designated a successor display page, other published source, information vendor or provider (as 
the case may be), the successor display page, other published source, information vendor or 
provider, if any, designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if different from the 
sponsor). 
"Rate Table" means a table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Currency" means, in the case of a determination of a CMS Reference Rate, the 
currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such CMS Reference 
Rate. 
"Reference Rate" shall be as defined in Valuation and Settlement Condition 24(a) (Reference 
Rate Event Provisions).  
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, (i) if the applicable Issue Terms specify "As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)": (a) Brussels, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, (b) Stockholm, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, (c) Oslo, 
in the case of a determination of NIBOR, (d) Copenhagen, in the case of a determination of 
CIBOR, (e) Bucharest, in the case of a determination in ROBOR, (f) Tokyo, in the case of a 
determination of TIBOR, (g) Hong Kong, in the case of a determination of HIBOR, (h) Sydney, 
in the case of a determination of BBSW and (i) Wellington, in the case of a determination of 
BKBM, or (ii) such other centre as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means, if the applicable Issue Terms specify:

--- Page 916 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
916 
 
(i) 
"EUR Swap Rate", the fixed rate under an annual interest rate swap for euro swap 
transactions with a floating leg of euro EURIBOR and for a period of the Designated 
Maturity (where applicable) provided by the relevant administrator; 
(ii) 
"GBP Swap Rate", the fixed rate under a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap for 
Sterling swap transactions with a floating leg of compounded SONIA and for a period 
of the Designated Maturity (where applicable) provided by the relevant administrator; 
(iii) 
"JPY 10:00 Swap Rate", the 10:00 fixed rate under a fixed-for-floating interest rate 
swap for Yen swap transactions with a floating leg of compounded TONA (being the 
Tokyo Overnight Average Rate, known as TONA) and for a period of the Designated 
Maturity (where applicable) provided by the relevant administrator; 
(iv) 
"JPY 15:00 Swap Rate", the 15:00 fixed rate under a fixed-for-floating interest rate 
swap for Yen swap transactions with a floating leg of compounded TONA (being the 
Tokyo Overnight Average Rate, known as TONA) and for a period of the Designated 
Maturity (where applicable) provided by the relevant administrator; 
(v) 
"USD SOFR Swap Rate", the fixed rate under a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
for U.S. dollar swap transactions with a floating leg of compounded SOFR and for a 
period of the Designated Maturity (where applicable) provided by the relevant 
administrator; and 
(vi) 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate", the mid-market swap rate as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with standard market practice. 
"Relevant Time" means, for the purposes of a determination of a CMS Reference Rate, the 
time in the place specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such CMS 
Reference Rate. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time. 
"Specified Time" means (i) if the applicable Issue Terms specify "As specified in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)", (a) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (b) in 
the case of STIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (c) in the case of NIBOR, 12.00 noon, (d) in the case of CIBOR, 
11.00 a.m., (e) in the case of ROBOR, 11.00 a.m., (f) in the case of TIBOR, 12.50 p.m., and (g) 
in the case of HIBOR, 11.15 a.m., (h) in the case of BBSW, 12.00 noon or (i) in the case of 
BKBM, 11.00 a.m., in each case in the Relevant Financial Centre, or (ii) the time in the place 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" or "USBD" means any day except a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
6. 
Range Accrual Notes 
(a) 
Accrual Rate 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Range Accrual Note Provisions apply to the Notes 
("Range Accrual Notes"), then the "Accrual Rate" for each Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date to which the Range Accrual Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable

--- Page 917 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
917 
 
Issue Terms) means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Min [Max (Lev x {RA Factor – Adj}; RA Floor); RA Cap] 
For the purposes of the above: 
"Accrual Factor" means an amount expressed as a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
days accrued
days observed 
"RA Factor" means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following: 
(i) 
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual 
Provisions" apply: 
(A) 
where the Accrual Factor is greater than the Protection Level, 100%; or 
(B) 
where the Accrual Factor is less than or equal to the Protection Level, the 
Accrual Factor; or 
(ii) 
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual 
Provisions" do not apply, the Accrual Factor. 
The following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined in 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 6 (Range Accrual Notes) shall have the meanings given 
to such terms in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)): 
"Adj" means the adjustment factor specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED 
THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Adj is Not Applicable, Adj shall be zero. 
"Accrual Condition" has the meaning given in paragraph (b) below. 
"Accrual Condition 1" means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with paragraph (b) below as though each reference therein to: 
(a) "Accrual Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 1", (b) "Reference Observation" 
was a reference to "Reference Observation 1", (c) "Barrier" was a reference to "Barrier 1", (d) 
"Lower Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 1", and (e) "Upper Range" was a reference to 
"Upper Range 1". 
"Accrual Condition 2" means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with paragraph (b) below as though each reference therein to: 
(a) "Accrual Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 2", (b) "Reference Observation" 
was a reference to "Reference Observation 2", (c) "Barrier" was a reference to "Barrier 2", (d) 
"Lower Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 2", and (e) "Upper Range" was a reference to 
"Upper Range 2". 
"Accrual Condition 3" means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with paragraph (b) below as though each reference therein to: 
(a) "Accrual Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 3", (b) "Reference Observation"

--- Page 918 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
918 
 
was a reference to "Reference Observation 3", (c) "Barrier" was a reference to "Barrier 3", (d) 
"Lower Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 3", and (e) "Upper Range" was a reference to 
"Upper Range 3". 
"Accrual Days" means calendar days or Business Days specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (each an "Accrual Day"). 
"Barrier" has the meaning given in paragraph (e) below. 
"Barrier 1" means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each 
reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Barrier" shall be construed as to include a reference 
to "Barrier 1". 
"Barrier 2" means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each 
reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Barrier" shall be construed as to include a reference 
to "Barrier 2". 
"Barrier 3" means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each 
reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Barrier" shall be construed as to include a reference 
to "Barrier 3". 
"days accrued" means: 
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Single Reference Observation" to be applicable, 
the number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the 
Accrual Condition is satisfied on the related Interest Observation Date; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dual Reference Observation" to be applicable, 
the number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which Accrual 
Condition 1 and Accrual Condition 2 are both satisfied on the related Interest 
Observation Date; and 
(iii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Triple Reference Observation" to be applicable, 
the number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which Accrual 
Condition 1, Accrual Condition 2 and Accrual Condition 3 are all satisfied on the 
related Interest Observation Date. 
"days observed" means the actual number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period. 
"Interest Observation Date" has the meaning given in paragraph (f) below. 
"Lev" means the leverage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT 
if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Lev is Not Applicable, Lev shall be 100 per cent. 
"Lower Range" has the meaning given in paragraph (e) below. 
"Lower Range 1" means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Lower Range" shall be construed as to include 
a reference to "Lower Range 1". 
"Lower Range 2" means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Lower Range" shall be construed as to include 
a reference to "Lower Range 2".

--- Page 919 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
919 
 
"Lower Range 3" means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Lower Range" shall be construed as to include 
a reference to "Lower Range 3". 
"Max" means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the greater 
of the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min" means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the lesser of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"RA Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED 
THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the RA Cap is Not Applicable, the RA Cap 
shall be infinity. 
"RA Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED 
THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the RA Floor is Not Applicable, the RA Floor 
shall be zero. 
"Reference Observation" has the meaning given in paragraph (c) below. 
"Reference Observation 1" means the Reference Observation specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, determined in accordance with paragraph (c) below as though each 
reference therein to "Reference Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 1". 
"Reference Observation 2" means the Reference Observation specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, determined in accordance with paragraph (c) below as though each 
reference therein to "Reference Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 2". 
"Reference Observation 3" means the Reference Observation specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, determined in accordance with paragraph (c) below as though each 
reference therein to "Reference Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 3". 
"Upper Range" has the meaning given in paragraph (e) below. 
"Upper Range 1" means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Upper Range" shall be construed as to include 
a reference to "Upper Range 1". 
"Upper Range 2" means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Upper Range" shall be construed as to include 
a reference to "Upper Range 2". 
"Upper Range 3" means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in paragraphs (e) and (j) below to "Upper Range" shall be construed as to include 
a reference to "Upper Range 3". 
(b) 
Determination of Accrual Condition 
"Accrual Condition" means (and shall be deemed to be satisfied) on any Interest Observation 
Date if the Reference Observation on such Interest Observation Date is: 
(i) 
if "Greater than the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue 
Terms, greater than the Barrier;

--- Page 920 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
920 
 
(ii) 
if "Greater than or equal to the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the 
applicable Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Barrier; 
(iii) 
if "Less than the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue 
Terms, less than the Barrier; 
(iv) 
if "Less than or equal to the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the 
applicable Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Barrier; or 
(v) 
if a "Lower Range" and an "Upper Range" are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and:  
(A) 
if the "Lower Range Option" specified in the applicable Issue Terms is: 
(1) 
"Greater than the Lower Range", greater than the Lower Range, or 
(2) 
"Greater than or equal to the Lower Range", greater than or equal to 
the Lower Range; and 
(B) 
if the "Upper Range Option" specified in the applicable Issue Terms is: 
(1) 
"Less than the Upper Range", less than the Upper Range; or 
(2) 
"Less than or equal to the Upper Range", less than or equal to the 
Upper Range, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant Interest 
Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
(c) 
Determination of Reference Observation 
The "Reference Observation" shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms and may be 
expressed as: 
(i) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two; or 
(ii) 
the sum of the Reference Rate Ones minus the sum of the Reference Rate Twos; or 
(iii) 
one Reference Rate or a basket of two or more Reference Rates; or 
(iv) 
 the Underlying Closing Level of the specified FX Rate, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to or in respect of the relevant 
Interest Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
If the Reference Observation is specified as a basket of two or more Reference Rates, then a 
"Reference Observation" on any Interest Observation Date shall be construed as: 
(i) 
if "Any" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "any Reference Rate" or 
(ii) 
if "All" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "each of the Reference Rates", 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant Interest 
Observation Date, subject as provided herein.

--- Page 921 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
921 
 
"Reference Rate Ones" means each of the Reference Rates specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (d) below (each, a "Reference Rate 
One"). 
"Reference Rate Twos" means each of the Reference Rates specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (d) below (each, a "Reference Rate 
Two"). 
(d) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
For the purposes of the Conditions and in particular Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 
(Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts), Reference Rate One and Reference 
Rate Two are each a "Reference Rate" and the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether each 
Reference Rate is: (i) a Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination will apply, or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, or (iv) a Spread 
Interest Rate, (v) a Relevant Spread Rate or (vi) a Spread Reference Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) 
above is specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in 
relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any 
Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Spread Note 
Provisions, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate, in each case 
in accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate, CMS 
Interest Rate, Spread Interest Rate, Relevant Spread Rate or Spread Reference Rate, in each 
case as contained in the Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms.  
For the purposes of the Conditions and in particular Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions), 
each Reference Rate shall also be a "Rate" as defined in Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate 
Conditions). 
A different Reference Rate and/or different Reference Observations may apply in respect of 
different Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(e) 
Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range 
(i) 
Barrier 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Barrier may apply to specified Interest 
Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates only and may vary between different Interest 
Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, all as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(ii) 
Lower Range and/or Upper Range 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Lower Range and/or Upper Range may 
apply to specified Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates only and may vary 
between different Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, all as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(f) 
Interest Observation Date 
In respect of an Interest Period, any Reference Observation and each Accrual Day falling during 
such Interest Period, the relevant "Interest Observation Date" shall be such Accrual Day or, 
if such day is not a Scheduled Observation Date or is a Reference Observation Disrupted Day,

--- Page 922 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
922 
 
the immediately preceding Scheduled Observation Date for such Reference Observation which 
is not a Reference Observation Disrupted Day for such Reference Observation,  
PROVIDED THAT the Interest Observation Date for each Accrual Day from (and including) 
the Accrual Cut-off Date to but (excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of 
such Interest Period shall be the Interest Observation Date for the Accrual Cut-Off Date. Each 
such Interest Observation Date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 4 
(FX Rate Conditions). 
An Interest Observation Date for one Accrual Day may therefore fall on the same day as the 
Interest Observation Date for another Accrual Day. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Accrual Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Accrual Business Day Centre specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, and if "Accrual Business Day Centre" is specified to be or to include: 
(i) "U.S. Government Securities Business Day", then "Accrual Business Day" shall also be any 
day except a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members 
be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (ii) "T2", 
then "Accrual Business Day" shall also be a day on which T2 is open.  
"Accrual Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the day falling on the Specified 
Accrual Cut-Off Date (or if "Default Accrual Cut-Off Date" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the fifth Accrual Day) immediately preceding the Interest Period End Date falling at the 
end of such Interest Period. 
"Reference Observation Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Reference Observation: 
(i) 
where the relevant Reference Observation is comprised of one or more Reference 
Rates, a Disrupted Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions)) for 
any of the Reference Rates comprising such Reference Observation; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Reference Observation is comprised of an FX Rate, a Disrupted 
Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 5 (FX RATE Conditions)) for such FX Rate. 
"Scheduled Observation Date" means, in respect of a Reference Observation: 
(i) 
where the relevant Reference Observation is comprised of one or more Reference 
Rates, a Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate 
Conditions) for all the Reference Rates comprising such Reference Observation; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Reference Observation is comprised of an FX Rate, a Scheduled 
Trading Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 5 (FX RATE Conditions))) for such 
FX Rate. 
"Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date" means such number of calendar days or Accrual Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 923 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
923 
 
(g) 
Interest Rate 
The Interest Rate applicable to each Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to which the 
Range Accrual Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be 
specified in applicable Issue Terms, and may be specified as any of the following (i) Fixed 
Interest Rate, (ii) Floating Interest Rate, (iii) CMS Interest Rate or (iv) Synthetic Forward 
Interest Rate. 
A different Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment 
Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Range Accrual Notes will bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
applicable Issue Terms and subject as otherwise provided in the Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions, such interest (being an "Interest Amount") will be payable in arrears on each 
Interest Payment Date to which the Range Accrual Note Provisions apply (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms). Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest Payment Date 
in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling 
on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions applicable to Range Accrual Notes 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to which the 
Range Accrual Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) is specified 
to be a Fixed Interest Rate, the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are deemed to apply and each Range 
Accrual Note will also be a Fixed Rate Note. Interest payable on each Range Accrual Note will 
be determined and calculated in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii) 
(Accrual applicable to Fixed Rate Notes) as though the applicable Issue Terms specified 
"Accrual" to be applicable. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions applicable to Range Accrual Notes 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to which the 
Range Accrual Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) is specified 
to be a Floating Interest Rate, the Floating Rate Note Provisions are deemed to apply and each 
Range Accrual Note will also be a Floating Rate Note. The Interest Amount payable on each 
Range Accrual Note will be determined and calculated in accordance with Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(b)(i) (Floating Rate Notes). 
CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions applicable to Range Accrual Notes 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to which the 
Range Accrual Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) is specified 
to be a CMS Interest Rate, the CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions are deemed to apply and 
each Range Accrual Note will also be a CMS Interest Linked Note. The Interest Amount 
payable on each Range Accrual Note will be determined and calculated in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(ii) (CMS Interest Linked Notes). 
Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions applicable to Range Accrual Notes 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to which the 
Range Accrual Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) is specified 
to be a Synthetic Forward Interest Rate, the Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions are deemed

--- Page 924 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
924 
 
to apply and each Range Accrual Note will also be a Synthetic Forward Rate Note. The Interest 
Amount payable on each Range Accrual Note will be determined and calculated in accordance 
with Valuation and Settlement Condition 12 (Synthetic Forward Rate Notes). 
(h) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates) shall apply to Range Accrual Notes as if expressly set out 
herein.   
(i) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Amount 
If any Maximum Interest Amount or Minimum Interest Amount (or both) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Payment Date, then if the Interest Amount for 
such Interest Payment Date is: (1) greater than such Maximum Interest Amount, the Interest 
Amount shall be such Maximum Interest Amount, the Maximum Interest Amount shall be 
subject to the usury limits permitted by the law of the State of New York, or (2) less than such 
Minimum Interest Amount, the Interest Amount shall be such Minimum Interest Amount.  
If more than one Maximum Interest Amount or Minimum Interest Amount (or both) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms for different Interest Payment Dates, then if the Interest Amount 
for an Interest Payment Date is (1) greater than the Maximum Interest Amount specified for 
such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount shall be such Maximum Interest Amount, or 
(2) is less than such Minimum Interest Amount specified for such Interest Payment Date, the 
Interest Amount shall be such Minimum Interest Amount. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms or where Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption Notes) is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Minimum Interest Amount shall be deemed to be zero. 
If the Notes are New York Law Notes and the Principal Amount of the relevant Tranche is less 
than U.S.$2,500,000 (or equivalent), where the interest rate on which the Interest Amount is 
calculated is based on other than a fixed rate of interest, such interest rate on which the Interest 
Amount is calculated will in no event be higher than the maximum rate permitted by applicable 
law. 
(j) 
Range Accrual Table 
If Range Accrual Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period 
ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date: 
(A) 
the Barrier will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the column 
entitled "Barrier"; 
(B) 
the Lower Range will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the 
column entitled "Lower Range"; 
(C) 
the Upper Range will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the 
column entitled "Upper Range";  
(D) 
the relevant Reference Observation will be specified in the Range Accrual Table in the 
column entitled "Reference Observation" and if the Reference Observation is not 
expressed as a single Reference Rate, any Reference Rate, Reference Rate One or

--- Page 925 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
925 
 
Reference Rate Two will be specified in the Reference Observation Table in the 
column entitled "Reference Rate(s)" (or if applicable, the columns entitled "Reference 
Rate One(s)" and "Reference Rate Two(s)");  
(E) 
the relevant Interest Rate for such Interest Period will be specified in the Range 
Accrual Table in the column entitled "Interest Rate"; and 
(F) 
the relevant "Lev", "Adj", "RA Cap", "RA Floor" and "Protection Level" for such 
Interest Period will be specified in the Range Accrual Table in the applicable column, 
in each case, in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Period End 
Date(s)") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
"Range Accrual Table" means the table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Observation Table" means the table specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
7. 
Digital Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Digital Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Digital Note Provisions to be applicable to the Notes 
("Digital Notes"), then the Interest Rate (the "Digital Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest 
Period and/or Interest Payment Date to which the Digital Note Provisions apply (as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) will either be: 
(i) 
the Back Up Rate; or 
(ii) 
if the Digital Reference Rate as of the Digital Determination Date is: 
(A) 
if "Greater than the Reserve Rate" is specified under Reserve Rate Reference 
in the applicable Issue Terms, greater than the Reserve Rate; 
(B) 
if "Greater than or equal to the Reserve Rate" is specified under Reserve Rate 
Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Reserve 
Rate; 
(C) 
if "Less than the Reserve Rate" is specified under Reserve Rate Reference in 
the applicable Issue Terms, less than the Reserve Rate; or 
(D) 
if "Less than or equal to the Reserve Rate" is specified under Reserve Rate 
Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Reserve 
Rate, 
the Digital Rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
For the purposes of the Conditions and, in particular, Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 
(Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts), the Back Up Rate, the Digital Reference 
Rate, the Reserve Rate (including each Specified Rate (as defined below) and the Digital Rate 
are each a "Reference Rate" and the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether such Reference 
Rate is: (i) a Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate

--- Page 926 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
926 
 
Determination or ISDA Determination will apply, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) a Spread 
Interest Rate, (v) a Relevant Spread Rate, (vi) a Spread Reference Rate or (vii) the Underlying 
Closing Level of the specified FX Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate (including any Back Up Rate, the Digital Reference Rate, the 
Reserve Rate (and/or any Specified Rate) and/or the Digital Rate), depending on which one of 
(i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi) or (vii) above is specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the 
applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for 
such Reference Rate, including any Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Spread Note Provisions, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, in each case in accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate, Spread Interest Rate, Relevant Spread 
Rate, Spread Reference Rate or FX Rate (or any combination of the foregoing), in each case, as 
contained in the Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where a Digital Reference Rate is specified as an FX Rate, the Digital Determination Date shall 
be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate 
Conditions). 
The Reserve Rate may also be the sum of more than one rate (each a "Specified Rate") or one 
rate less another rate (each a "Specified Rate"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Reference Rate (including any Back Up Rate, the Digital 
Reference Rate, the Reserve Rate (and/or any Specified Rate) and/or the Digital Rate) is to be 
determined by reference to the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest 
Rate or FX Rate, all back up provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate 
or FX Rate, as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions or 
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions), shall also apply in relation to the determination 
of such Reference Rate(s), as applicable. 
A different Back Up Rate, Digital Reference Rate, Reserve Rate and/or Digital Rate may apply 
in respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions applicable to Digital Notes 
Each Digital Note will also be a Fixed Rate Note and interest will be determined and calculated 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii) (Accrual applicable to Fixed Rate 
Notes) as though the applicable Issue Terms specified "Accrual" to be applicable and the Digital 
Interest Rate was a Fixed Interest Rate. As with all Fixed Rate Notes, Digital Notes will bear 
interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate (determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) above) and, where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as otherwise 
provided in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, such interest (an "Interest Amount") will 
be payable in arrears on each Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to which the Digital 
Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms). Such Interest Amount will 
be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions) shall apply to Digital Notes as if 
expressly set out herein.  
(d) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates

--- Page 927 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
927 
 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates) shall apply to Digital Notes as if expressly set out herein.   
8. 
Digital Band Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Digital Band Notes 
If the Issue Terms specify Digital Band Note Provisions to be applicable to the Notes ("Digital 
Band Notes"), then the Interest Rate (the "Digital Band Interest Rate") in respect of each 
Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to which the Digital Band Note Provisions apply 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be determined as follows: 
(i) 
where "Reference Rate Only" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
by reference to within which band of specified rates (the "Band") set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the reference rate (the "Reference Rate") specified as 
applicable for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date on the Interest 
Determination Date specified for such Interest Period and/or Interest Determination 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms, falls; or 
(ii) 
where "Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, by reference to within which band of specified rates (the 
"Band") set out in the applicable Issue Terms, the result (the "Result") of the reference 
rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms as "Reference Rate One" minus the 
reference rate specified in the applicable issue Terms as "Reference Rate Two", in each 
case as specified as applicable for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date 
on the Interest Determination Date specified for such Interest Period and/or Interest 
Determination Date in the applicable Issue Terms, falls. 
In each case of sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, the Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period 
will be the rate of interest specified in the applicable Issue Terms (which may be a Fixed Interest 
Rate, a Floating Interest Rate, a CMS Interest Rate or a rate equal to Band Rate One minus Band 
Rate Two, and plus or minus a Margin (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to such rate)) as the "Band Rate" for the Band in which, in the case of sub-paragraph 
(i) above, the Reference Rate falls or, in the case of sub-paragraph (ii) above, the Result falls. 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify for each Band (each of which will be numerically 
identified as "Band 1" or "Band 2" etc. as necessary) the appropriate Band Rate for the relevant 
Band. 
(b) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
For the purposes of the Conditions and, in particular, Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 
(Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts), the Reference Rate, Reference Rate 
One and/or Reference Rate Two, as applicable, are each a "Reference Rate" and the applicable 
Issue Terms will specify whether such Reference Rate is (i) a Floating Interest Rate and whether 
Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination will apply; (ii) a CMS Interest Rate; or (iii) 
the Underlying Closing Level of the specified FX Rate. 
For the purposes of the Conditions and in particular Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 
(Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts), the Band Rate, Band Rate One and/or 
Band Rate Two, as applicable, are each a "Reference Rate" and the applicable Issue Terms will 
specify whether such Reference Rate is (i) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination will apply; or (ii) a CMS Interest Rate.

--- Page 928 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
928 
 
In relation to each Reference Rate (including any Reference Rate One, Reference Rate Two, 
Band Rate, Band Rate One and/or Band Rate Two, as applicable), depending on which one of 
(i), (ii) or (iii) above is specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms 
will specify in relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, 
including the Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate in each case in accordance with 
the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, in each case, as 
contained in the Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where a Reference Rate is an FX Rate, an Interest Determination Date shall be deemed to be a 
Valuation Date for the purposes of Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions).  
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Reference Rate (including any Reference Rate One, 
Reference Rate Two, Band Rate, Band Rate One and/or Band Rate Two, as applicable) will be 
determined by reference to either the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate, CMS 
Interest Rate or FX Rate, all back up provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest 
Rate or FX Rate, as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions or 
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions) shall also apply in relation to the determination of 
such Reference Rate(s), as applicable. 
A different Reference Rate, Reference Rate One and/or Reference Rate Two, as applicable, may 
apply in respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. In addition, a different Band Rate, Band Rate One and/or Band Rate 
Two, as applicable, may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment 
Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions applicable to Digital Band Notes 
Each Digital Band Note for which the Band Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate will also be a Fixed 
Rate Note and interest will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii) (Accrual applicable to Fixed Rate Notes) as though the applicable 
Issue Terms specified "Accrual" to be applicable and the Digital Band Interest Rate was a Fixed 
Interest Rate. As with all Fixed Rate Notes, Digital Band Notes for which the Band Rate is a 
Fixed Interest Rate will bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
applicable Issue Terms and subject as otherwise provided in the Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions, such interest (an "Interest Amount") will be payable in arrears on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Interest Amount 
will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
(d) 
Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions applicable to Digital 
Band Notes 
Each Digital Band Note for which the Band Rate is a Floating Interest Rate or a CMS Interest 
Rate or determined by reference to the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or a CMS 
Interest Rate will also be a Floating Rate Note or CMS Interest Linked Note (as applicable), and 
interest will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
5(b)(i) (Floating Rate Notes) or 5(b)(ii) (CMS Interest Linked Notes), as applicable and in the 
applicable Issue Terms as though the Band Rate was a Floating Interest Rate or a CMS Interest 
Rate, as applicable. As with all Floating Rate Notes and CMS Interest Linked Notes, Digital 
Band Notes for which the Band Rate is a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate or 
determined by reference to the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest

--- Page 929 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
929 
 
Rate will bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest 
Rate (determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above) and, where interest is due in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and 
subject as otherwise provided in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, such interest (an 
"Interest Amount") will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End 
Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
(e) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates) shall apply to Digital Band Notes as if expressly set out 
herein.   
(f) 
Definitions 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions) shall apply to Digital Band Notes as if 
expressly set out herein.   
9. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Inverse Floating Rate Note Provisions to be applicable 
to the Notes ("Inverse Floating Rate Notes"), then the Interest Rate (the "Inverse Floating 
Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date to which the 
Inverse Floating Rate Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be 
a fixed interest rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Inverse Fixed Rate") minus 
the Inverse Reference Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus (as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (Inverse Floating Interest Rate) (if any specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (Inverse Floating 
Interest Rate) (if any specified in the applicable Issue Terms), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
The "Inverse Reference Rate" means a rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
which may be (A) one reference rate (a "Specified Rate") or (B) one reference rate (a "Specified 
Rate 1") minus another reference rate (a "Specified Rate 2", and together with Specified Rate 
1, each a "Specified Rate"). The applicable Issue Terms will also specify in relation to each 
Specified Rate whether it is: (i) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination 
or ISDA Determination will apply, or (ii) a CMS Interest Rate, or (iii) a Spread Interest Rate, 
(iv) a Relevant Spread Rate, or (v) a Spread Reference Rate. 
For the purposes of applying Valuation and Settlement Conditions 5(b) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes and CMS Interest Linked Notes and determination of Forward Rates) and 10 (Spread 
Notes), each reference to "Specified Rate" shall be construed as a reference to a "Reference 
Rate". 
(b) 
Determination of Specified Rate 
In relation to the Inverse Reference Rate (and each Specified Rate), depending on which one of 
(i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above is specified in relation to such Specified Rate, the applicable Issue 
Terms will specify in relation to such Specified Rate, all the relevant terms for such Inverse

--- Page 930 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
930 
 
Reference Rate or Specified Rate, including for the Inverse Reference Rate and each Specified 
Rate, the Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Spread 
Note Provisions, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate in each 
case, in accordance with the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate, 
Spread Interest Rate, a Relevant Spread Rate or Spread Reference Rate, in each case, as 
contained in the Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Inverse Reference Rate and/or a Specified Rate is 
determined by reference to either the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or CMS 
Interest Rate, all back up provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, 
as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions shall also apply in 
relation to the determination of such rate(s), as applicable. 
A different Inverse Fixed Rate, Inverse Reference Rate and/or Specified Rate may apply in 
respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions applicable to Inverse 
Floating Rate Notes 
Each Inverse Floating Rate Note for which any Specified Rate is a Floating Interest Rate or a 
CMS Interest Rate or determined by reference to the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest 
Rate or a CMS Interest Rate will also be a Floating Rate Note or CMS Interest Linked Note (as 
applicable), and interest will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(b)(i) (Floating Rate Notes) or 5(b)(ii) (CMS Interest Linked Notes), as 
applicable and in the applicable Issue Terms as though the Specified Rate was a Floating Interest 
Rate or a CMS Interest Rate, as applicable.  
As with all Floating Rate Notes and CMS Interest Linked Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
for which a Specified Rate is a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate or determined by 
reference to the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate (as 
applicable) will bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Interest Rate (determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above) and, where interest is due in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and 
subject as otherwise provided in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, such interest (an 
"Interest Amount") will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End 
Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions) shall apply to Inverse Floating Rate 
Notes as if expressly set out herein.  
(d) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates) shall apply to Inverse Floating Rate Notes as if expressly 
set out herein.  
10. 
Spread Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Spread Notes

--- Page 931 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
931 
 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Spread Note Provisions to be applicable to the Notes 
(the "Spread Notes"), then the Interest Rate (the "Spread Interest Rate") in respect of each 
Interest Period to which the Spread Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) will be the Relevant Spread Rate in respect of such Interest Period, plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (Spread Interest Rate) (if any is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest 
Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.  
The "Relevant Spread Rate" in respect of each Interest Period will be: 
(i) 
if "Option One" is specified to be applicable, an amount equal to (A) one (1), minus 
(B) the result of Spread Rate 1 minus Spread Rate 2; or  
(ii) 
if "No Option One" is specified to be applicable, an amount equal to (A) Spread Rate 
1, minus (B) Spread Rate 2; or  
(iii) 
if "Spread Cap" is specified to be applicable, an amount determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Min[(Rate X ± Spread Cap Margin); (V% + {Multiplier × [Rate Y −Rate Z]})] 
If any Reference Rate is specified herein or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a "Spread Interest 
Rate", "Relevant Spread Rate" or "Spread Reference Rate", the relevant Reference Rate will be 
determined in accordance with the provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 
10, as though each reference to "Interest Rate" were a reference to "Reference Rate". 
(b) 
Definitions 
The following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined in 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 10 shall have the meanings given to such terms in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions): 
"Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate)" means, in respect of a Relevant Spread 
Rate for an Interest Period, an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant Spread Rate. 
"Margin (Spread Interest Rate)" means, in respect of a Relevant Spread Rate for an Interest 
Period, a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant 
Spread Rate. 
"Min" means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the lesser of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Multiplier" means an amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Rate X" means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that 
such rate is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Notes and the "Spread Cap" formula 
shall be deemed amended accordingly. 
"Rate Y" means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that

--- Page 932 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
932 
 
such rate is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Notes and the "Spread Cap" formula 
shall be deemed amended accordingly. 
"Rate Z" means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that 
such rate is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Notes and the "Spread Cap" formula 
shall be deemed amended accordingly. 
"Spread Cap Margin" means, in respect of a Relevant Spread Rate for an Interest Period, the 
Margin specified as such for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT if: (i) the Spread Cap Margin is a percentage rate per annum 
preceded by a "+" (plus) sign, the reference to "± Spread Cap Margin" in the formula set out in 
paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Relevant Spread Rate" above shall be construed as "+ Spread 
Cap Margin", and (ii) the Spread Cap Margin is a percentage rate per annum preceded by a "‒" 
(minus) sign, the reference to "± Spread Cap Margin" in the formula set out in paragraph (iii) 
of the definition of "Relevant Spread Rate" above shall be construed as "‒ Spread Cap Margin". 
"Spread Rate 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 1 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate. 
"Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Spread Rate 1 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Spread Rate 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 2 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate. 
"Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Spread Rate 2 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Spread Rate 3" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 3 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate. 
"Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Spread Rate 3 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"V%" means an amount (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Determination of Spread Reference Rate 
The "Spread Reference Rate" shall be the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and may be expressed as: 
(i) 
a single Reference Rate;

--- Page 933 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
933 
 
(ii) 
the sum of two or more Reference Rates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms); 
or  
(iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two.  
A different Spread Reference Rate(s) (and, if applicable, calculated from different Reference 
Rates) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Where: 
"Reference Rate One" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (d) below. 
"Reference Rate Two" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (d) below. 
(d) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
In relation to a Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether it is (i) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination will apply; or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii) or (iii) above is specified 
in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such 
Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any Interest 
Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in accordance with the relevant provisions for 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or CMS Interest Linked Notes, in each case, as contained 
in the Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Reference Rate is determined by reference to any of the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions or the CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, all back up provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest 
Rate, as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions shall also apply in 
relation to the determination of such rate(s), as applicable. 
A different Reference Rate(s) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
(e) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions applicable to Spread Notes 
Each Spread Note will also be a Fixed Rate Note and interest payable on Spread Notes will be 
determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii) (Accrual 
applicable to Fixed Rate Notes) as though the applicable Issue Terms specified "Accrual" to be 
applicable and the Spread Interest Rate was a Fixed Interest Rate. As with all Fixed Rate Notes, 
Spread Notes will bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Interest Rate (determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above) and, where interest is due in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and 
subject as provided in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, such interest (being an 
"Interest Amount") will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest

--- Page 934 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
934 
 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End 
Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
(f) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates) shall apply to Spread Notes as if expressly set out herein, 
and for the purposes hereof, each Spread Reference Rate, Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 and 
Spread Rate 3 shall be deemed to be a "Reference Rate".  
11. 
Volatility Bond Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Volatility Bond Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Volatility Bond Note Provisions to be applicable to 
the Notes (the "Volatility Bond Notes"), then the Interest Rate (the "Volatility Bond Interest 
Rate") in respect of each Interest Period to which the Volatility Bond Note Provisions apply (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be the Relevant Volatility Bond Rate in respect of 
such Interest Period, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin 
(Volatility Bond Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied 
by the Interest Participation Rate (Volatility Bond Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
The "Relevant Volatility Bond Rate" in respect of each Interest Period will be: 
Abs [Volatility Bond Rate 1 - Volatility Bond Rate 2] 
(b) 
Shout Option 
If "Shout Option" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Noteholders of 
all the outstanding Notes may give notice of their exercise of the Shout Option in respect of an 
Interest Period to the Issuer and the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions below 
prior to the time specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Shout Option Cut-off Time") on 
a Relevant Business Day during the relevant Shout Period (the date on which the Shout Option 
is validly exercised, the "Shout Option Date"). On the valid exercise of such Shout Option, the 
Calculation Agent will determine in its discretion the implied forward rate for the Reference 
Rate(s) comprising Volatility Bond Rate 1 or, if any such Reference Rate(s) are Forward Rates, 
shall determine such Forward Rates, on such Shout Option Date at such time and by reference 
to such sources as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate (the "Shout Forward 
Rate(s)") and shall determine Volatility Bond Rate 1 for the relevant Interest Period by 
reference to such Shout Forward Rate(s) in place of the relevant Reference Rate(s). Following 
determination of the relevant Shout Forward Rate(s) by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall 
notify the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) of such Forward 
Rate(s) and the Volatility Bond Rate 1 for the relevant Interest Period. 
Any such Shout Option may only be validly exercised on one occasion during the Shout Period 
for a relevant Interest Period but may be exercised in respect of more than one Interest Period 
for which the Volatility Bond Note Provisions are applicable. 
In order to validly exercise the Shout Option in respect of an Interest Period, the holders of 100 
per cent. of the Notes must, prior to the Shout Option Cut-off Time on any Relevant Business 
Day in the relevant Shout Period, give notice in writing to the Issuer by hand, mail or e-mail in 
accordance with the relevant contact details specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, in respect

--- Page 935 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
935 
 
of Exempt Notes, in such other manner as is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Each holder must provide evidence satisfactory to the Issuer of its holding of the relevant Notes 
which, (i) in the case of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, may be in 
the form of certification from the relevant clearing system and, if applicable, the custodian with 
whom such holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes or (ii) in the case of 
Notes in definitive form which are held outside the Relevant Clearing Systems, may be satisfied 
by delivery of the Note(s) held by such holder together with the relevant notice or (iii) may be 
in any other appropriate manner determined by the Issuer. 
Any such notice shall be effective when received by the Issuer and the Calculation Agent. If 
any such notice is received by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in accordance with the above 
provisions after the Shout Option Cut-off Time on any Relevant Business Day or on any day 
that is not a Relevant Business Day, such notice shall be deemed to be effective prior to the 
Shout Option Cut-off Time on the next following Relevant Business Day.  
If notice is received from less than 100 per cent. of the holders of the Notes outstanding on the 
applicable Relevant Business Day, any such notice shall not be effective and the Shout Option 
will not be exercised. 
(c) 
Definitions 
The following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined in 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 11 shall have the meanings given to such terms in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions): 
"Abs" means, when followed by an equation inside brackets, the absolute value of the result of 
the relevant equation, being the resulting positive percentage without regard to its sign (e.g. the 
absolute value of -19 per cent. would be 19 per cent. and the absolute value of 19 per cent. 
would also be 19 per cent.). 
"Interest Participation Rate (Volatility Bond Interest Rate))" means, in respect of a Relevant 
Volatility Bond Rate for an Interest Period, an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant Volatility Bond Rate. 
"Margin (Volatility Bond Interest Rate)" means, in respect of a Relevant Volatility Bond Rate 
for an Interest Period, a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding 
to such Relevant Volatility Bond Rate. 
"Relevant Business Day" means, in respect of a Shout Period, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Relevant Business 
Centre specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and if "Relevant Business Centre" is specified 
to be or to include: (a) U.S. Government Securities Business Day, then "Relevant Business Day" 
shall also be any day except a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members 
be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (b) T2, 
then "Relevant Business Day" shall also be a day on which T2 is open. 
"Shout Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period and Volatility Bond Rate 1 in respect of 
such Interest Period, the period from (but excluding) the last occurring Interest Determination 
Date in respect of the Reference Rate(s) comprising Volatility Bond Rate 2 to (but excluding) 
the first occurring Interest Determination Date in respect of the Reference Rate(s) comprising 
Volatility Bond Rate 1.

--- Page 936 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
936 
 
"Volatility Bond Rate 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period and subject as provided in 
paragraph (b) above, a Volatility Bond Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, plus or minus any Volatility Bond Rate 1 Margin, and multiplied by any Volatility Bond 
Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate. 
"Volatility Bond Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Volatility Bond Rate 1 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Volatility Bond Rate 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Volatility Bond Reference 
Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Volatility Bond Rate 2 
Margin, and multiplied by any Volatility Bond Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate. 
"Volatility Bond Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Volatility Bond Rate 2 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(d) 
Determination of Volatility Bond Reference Rate 
The "Volatility Bond Reference Rate" shall be the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and may be expressed as: 
(i) 
a single Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
the sum of two or more Reference Rates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms); 
or  
(iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two.  
Different Volatility Bond Reference Rate(s) (if applicable, calculated from different Reference 
Rates) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Where: 
"Reference Rate One" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (e) below. 
"Reference Rate Two" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (e) below. 
(e) 
Determination of Reference Rate  
In relation to a Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether it is (i) a Fixed 
Interest Rate; (ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination will apply; (iii) a CMS Interest Rate or (iv) a Forward Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above is 
specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation 
to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any Interest

--- Page 937 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
937 
 
Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in accordance with the relevant provisions for 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, CMS Interest Linked Notes or Forward Rate Notes, in 
each case, as contained in the Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Reference Rate is determined by reference to any of the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions, the CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions or the provisions 
relating to Forward Rate Notes, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, all back up provisions 
relating to a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate or Forward Rate, as applicable, as 
contained in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions shall also apply in relation to the 
determination of such rate(s), as applicable. 
Different Reference Rate(s) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
(f) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions applicable to Volatility Bond Notes 
Each Volatility Bond Note will also be a Fixed Rate Note and interest payable on Volatility 
Bond Notes will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(a)(ii) (Accrual applicable to Fixed Rate Notes) as though the applicable Issue 
Terms specified "Accrual" to be applicable and the Volatility Bond Interest Rate was a Fixed 
Interest Rate. As with all Fixed Rate Notes, Volatility Bond Notes will bear interest from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate (determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) above) and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as otherwise provided in the Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions, such interest (being an "Interest Amount") will be payable in arrear on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Interest 
Amount will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
(g) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates) shall apply to Volatility Bond Notes as if expressly set 
out herein, and for the purposes hereof, each Volatility Bond Reference Rate, Volatility Bond 
Rate 1 and Volatility Bond Rate 2 shall be deemed to be a "Reference Rate".  
12. 
Synthetic Forward Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Synthetic Forward Rate Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions to be 
applicable to the Notes (the "Synthetic Forward Rate Notes"), then the Interest Rate (the 
"Synthetic Forward Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest Period to which the Synthetic 
Forward Rate Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be the 
Relevant SF Rate in respect of such Interest Period, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) the Margin (SF Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms), 
and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (SF Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
The "Relevant SF Rate" in respect of each Interest Period will be:

--- Page 938 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
938 
 
(i) 
if "Synthetic Forward Option One" is specified to be applicable, a rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
(SF Rate 1 x Rate 1) −(SF Rate 2 x Rate 2)
(SF Rate 1 −SF Rate 2)
; or 
(ii) 
if "Synthetic Forward Option Two" is specified to be applicable, a rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Rate 1 + [Rate 1 x (1 + Rate 1)𝑥𝑥] − [Rate 2 x (1 + Rate 2)𝑦𝑦]; or 
(iii) 
if "Synthetic Forward Option Three" is specified to be applicable, a rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 (𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 1; 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿× 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 2) × 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 1] −[𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 2 × 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 2]
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀(𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 1; 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿× 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 2) −𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 2
 
[𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 (Annuity Rate 1; Lev × Annuity Rate 2) × Rate 1] −[Annuity Rate 2 × Rate 2]
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀(Annuity Rate 1; Lev × Annuity Rate 2) −Annuity Rate 2
 
If any Reference Rate is specified herein or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a " Synthetic 
Forward Interest Rate", "Relevant SF Rate" or "SF Reference Rate", the relevant Reference 
Rate will be determined in accordance with the provisions set out in this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 12, as though each reference to "Interest Rate" were a reference to 
"Reference Rate". 
(b) 
Definitions 
The following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined in 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 12 shall have the meanings given to such terms in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions): 
"Annuity Rate 1" will be calculated as follows: 
෍
1
(1 + 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 1)𝑖𝑖 𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡 𝑥𝑥
𝑥𝑥
𝑖𝑖
 
"Annuity Rate 2" will be calculated as follows: 
෍
1
(1 + Rate 2)𝑖𝑖 𝑡𝑡𝑡𝑡 𝑦𝑦
𝑦𝑦
𝑖𝑖
 
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to x or y, as the case may be. 
"Interest Participation Rate (SF Interest Rate)" means, in respect of a Relevant SF Rate for 
an Interest Period, an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
corresponding to such Relevant SF Rate. 
"Lev" means the leverage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT 
if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Lev is Not Applicable, Lev shall be 100 per cent. 
"Margin (SF Interest Rate)" means, in respect of a Relevant SF Rate for an Interest Period, a 
Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant SF Rate.

--- Page 939 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
939 
 
"max" means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the greater 
of the amounts separated by semi-colons inside those brackets. 
"Rate 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a SF Reference Rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Rate 1 Margin, and multiplied by any Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate. 
"Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Rate 1 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Rate 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a SF Reference Rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Rate 2 Margin, and multiplied by any Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate. 
"Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Rate 2 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"SF Rate 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula: 
1
𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 1  𝑥𝑥 ൤1 −
1
(1 + 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 1)𝑥𝑥൨ 
plus or minus any SF Rate 1 Margin, and multiplied by any SF Rate 1 Interest Participation 
Rate. 
"SF Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"SF Rate 1 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"SF Rate 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula: 
1
𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 2  𝑥𝑥 ൤1 −
1
(1 + 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 2)𝑦𝑦൨ 
plus or minus any SF Rate 2 Margin, and multiplied by any SF Rate 2 Interest Participation 
Rate. 
"SF Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"SF Rate 2 Margin" means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"x" means a number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"y" means a number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Determination of SF Reference Rate

--- Page 940 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
940 
 
The "SF Reference Rate" shall be the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
may be expressed as: 
(i) 
a single Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
the sum of two or more Reference Rates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms); 
or  
(iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two.  
A different SF Reference Rate(s) (and, if applicable, calculated from different Reference Rates) 
may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where: 
"Reference Rate One" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (d) below. 
"Reference Rate Two" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with paragraph (d) below. 
(d) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
In relation to a Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether it is (i) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination will apply; or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii) or (iii) above is specified 
in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such 
Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any Interest 
Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in accordance with the relevant provisions for 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or CMS Interest Linked Notes, in each case, as contained 
in the Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Reference Rate is determined by reference to any of the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions or the CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, all back up provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest 
Rate, as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions shall also apply in 
relation to the determination of such rate(s), as applicable. 
A different Reference Rate(s) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
(e) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions applicable to Synthetic Forward Rate Notes 
Each Synthetic Forward Rate Note will also be a Fixed Rate Note and interest payable on 
Synthetic Forward Rate Notes will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii) (Accrual applicable to Fixed Rate Notes) as though the applicable 
Issue Terms specified "Accrual" to be applicable and the Synthetic Forward Interest Rate was 
a Fixed Interest Rate. As with all Fixed Rate Notes, Synthetic Forward Rate Notes will bear 
interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate (determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) above) and, where interest is due in accordance with this

--- Page 941 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
941 
 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as otherwise 
provided in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, such interest (being an "Interest 
Amount") will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date 
falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
(f) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates) shall apply to Synthetic Forward Rate Notes as if 
expressly set out herein, and for the purposes hereof, each of SF Reference Rate, SF Rate 1, SF 
Rate 2, Rate 1 and Rate 2 shall be deemed to be a "Reference Rate". 
13. 
Previous Coupon Linked Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Previous Coupon Linked Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the Previous Coupon Linked Note Provisions to be 
applicable to the Notes (the "Previous Coupon Linked Notes"), then the Interest Rate (the 
"Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date to which the Previous Coupon Linked Note Provisions apply (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) (such Interest Period, a "Previous Coupon Linked Period", and such 
Interest Payment Date, a "Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date") shall be an amount equal 
to the Previous Coupon Reference Rate, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) the Margin (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to the Previous Coupon Reference Rate for such Previous Coupon 
Linked Period and/or such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date), and further multiplied by 
the Interest Participation Rate (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to the Previous Coupon Reference Rate for such Previous 
Coupon Linked Period and/or such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date). 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify a different Margin (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) 
and/or a different Interest Participation Rate (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) for a 
Previous Coupon Reference Rate in respect of different Previous Coupon Linked Periods and/or 
Previous Coupon Linked Payment Dates, the Margin (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) 
and/or Interest Participation Rate (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) shall be construed to 
apply to such Previous Coupon Reference Rate in respect of each Previous Coupon Linked 
Period and/or each Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date.  
The following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined in 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 13 shall have the meanings given to such terms in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions): 
"Interest Participation Rate (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate)" means, in respect of 
each Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, the 
Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Margin (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate)" means, in respect of each Previous 
Coupon Linked Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, the Margin specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 942 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
942 
 
"Previous Coupon" means, in respect of each Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or Previous 
Coupon Linked Payment Date, the Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate in respect of the 
Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date immediately 
preceding such Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or such Previous Coupon Linked Payment 
Date, PROVIDED THAT if the interest basis applicable to the Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding such Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or such 
Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date is not "Previous Coupon Linked Notes", the Previous 
Coupon shall be the Interest Rate determined in accordance with the interest basis applicable to 
such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date (as set out in the Interest Basis Table). 
"Previous Coupon Reference Rate" means, in respect of each Previous Coupon Linked Period 
and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, the Previous Coupon, plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) (i) Rate 1, multiplied by Rate 1 Participation Rate (if 
any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Rate 1 for such Previous Coupon 
Linked Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date), plus or minus (as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) (ii) Rate 2, multiplied by Rate 2 Participation Rate (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Rate 2 for such Previous Coupon Linked 
Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date). 
"Rate 1" means, in respect of a Previous Coupon Reference Rate for a Previous Coupon Linked 
Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, (i) a Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) Spread Interest Rate, (v) Relevant Spread Rate, (vi) 
a Spread Reference Rate or (vii) any other Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to the determination of such Previous Coupon Reference Rate for such 
Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, 
PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specify Rate 1 to be not applicable, it shall be 
deemed to be equal to zero. If any Rate 1 specified in relation to the determination of a Previous 
Coupon Reference Rate is a different rate in respect of two or more Previous Coupon Linked 
Periods and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Dates (as applicable), the Rate 1 in respect 
of: (x) each Previous Coupon Linked Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, shall be each Reference Rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Rate 1" 
in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Period End Date(s)") on 
which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall; and (y) each Previous Coupon Linked 
Payment Date, shall be each Reference Rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled 
"Rate 1" in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Previous Coupon Linked 
Payment Date") on which such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date is scheduled to fall. 
"Rate 1 Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
"Rate 2" means, in respect of a Previous Coupon Reference Rate for a Previous Coupon Linked 
Period and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, (i) a Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating 
Interest Rate, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) Spread Interest Rate, (v) Relevant Spread Rate, (vi) 
a Spread Reference Rate or (vii) any other Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms in relation to the determination of such Previous Coupon Reference Rate for such 
Previous Coupon Linked Period and/or such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date, 
PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specify Rate 2 to be not applicable, it shall be 
deemed to be equal to zero. If any Rate 2 specified in relation to the determination of a Previous 
Coupon Reference Rate is a different rate in respect of two or more Previous Coupon Linked 
Periods and/or Previous Coupon Linked Payment Dates (as applicable), the Rate 2 in respect 
of: (x) each Previous Coupon Linked Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, shall be each Reference Rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Rate 2"

--- Page 943 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
943 
 
in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Period End Date(s)") on 
which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall; and (y) each Previous Coupon Linked 
Payment Date, shall be each Reference Rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled 
"Rate 2" in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Previous Coupon Linked 
Payment Date") on which such Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date is scheduled to fall. 
"Rate 2 Participation Rate" means an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions applicable to Previous Coupon Linked Notes 
Each Previous Coupon Linked Note will also be a Fixed Rate Note and interest payable on 
Previous Coupon Linked Notes will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii)(B) (Calculation of Interest Amount) above and in the applicable 
Issue Terms. As with all Fixed Rate Notes, Previous Coupon Linked Notes will bear interest 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate (determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) above) and, where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and subject as provided in 
the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, such interest (being an "Interest Amount") will be 
payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such 
Interest Payment Date.  
(c) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c) (Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates) shall apply to Previous Coupon Linked Notes as if 
expressly set out herein, and for the purposes hereof, each Previous Coupon Reference Rate, 
Rate 1 and Rate 2 shall be deemed to be a "Reference Rate".  
14. 
FX Performance Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for FX Performance Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "FX Performance Note Provisions" to be 
applicable to the Notes ("FX Performance Notes") and notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, the Interest Rate (the "FX Adjusted 
Interest Rate") in respect of each Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date (n) to which the 
FX Performance Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
ACR x FX Performance 
and the provisions of the Valuation and Settlement Conditions relating to the Actual Coupon 
Rate shall be subject to the provisions hereof. 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(c)(i) 
(Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates) shall be applied to the Actual Coupon Rate only, rather 
than to the FX Adjusted Interest Rate, determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 14.

--- Page 944 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
944 
 
Unless otherwise expressly provided in the applicable Issue Terms, any interest basis, other than 
Fixed Rate Notes where "Accrual" is specified as not applicable, Inflation Rate Notes and DIR 
Inflation Linked Notes, may be specified to be FX Performance Notes. 
(b) 
Definitions 
The following terms and shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined 
in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 14 shall have the meanings given to such terms in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)): 
"ACR" or "Actual Coupon Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date to which the FX Performance Note Provisions apply (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms), the Interest Rate otherwise determined for such Interest Period and/or 
Interest Payment Date in accordance with the Valuation and Settlement Conditions prior to the 
application of the FX Performance Note Provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 14 but applied either before or after, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
application of the Reserve Coupon Note Provisions, the Global Interest Floor Note Provisions 
and/or the Global Interest Cap Note Provisions. 
"FX Performance" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date and 
the related FX Performance Valuation Date(s): 
FX Performance 1
FX Performance 2 
and multiplied by the FX Performance Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms). 
"FX Performance 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, 
either (i) the FX Performance Rate specified as such for such Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) the FX Performance Rate in respect of FX 
Performance Valuation Date 1 for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date. 
"FX Performance 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date, 
either (i) the FX Performance Rate specified as such for such Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) the FX Performance Rate in respect of 
FX Performance Valuation Date 2 for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date. 
"FX Performance Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date 
and a relevant FX Performance Valuation Date, either the rate or amount specified as such for 
such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date or, if no rate or amount is so specified: 
(i) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the relevant FX 
Performance Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Underlying for the relevant FX Performance Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
where no Underlying is designated to be the relevant FX Performance Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the relevant FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency 
exchange rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if a "mid" rate is specified, 
the average of the FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on 
the FX Perf Designated Page (or such other page or service that may replace the FX 
Perf Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the relevant FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the

--- Page 945 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
945 
 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at 
the FX Perf Designated Time (in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) 
on the relevant FX Performance Valuation Date PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot 
be determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (ii) it shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at such time(s), on such days and by reference to such source(s) as 
it deems appropriate. 
"Specified FX Performance Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or 
Interest Payment Date, any FX Performance Valuation Date 1 and FX Performance Valuation 
Date 2 specified for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue 
Terms. In respect of any FX Performance Rate determined by reference to an Underlying which 
is an FX Rate, each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be 
adjusted as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue 
Terms, and each such date, as so specified and/or adjusted, an "FX Performance Valuation 
Date". 
"FX Performance Valuation Date 1" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"FX Performance Valuation Date 2" means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Date, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Determination of the Interest Amount 
Subject as provided in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 14, the Interest Amount shall 
be determined as provided in the Valuation and Settlement Condition relating to the Actual 
Coupon Rate. 
15. 
Reserve Coupon Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Reserve Coupon Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Reserve Coupon Note Provisions" to be 
applicable to the Notes ("Reserve Coupon Notes") and notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, the Interest Rate (the "Adjusted Interest 
Rate" or "AIRn") in respect of each Interest Period (n) to which the Reserve Coupon Note 
Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and the related Total Reserve 
Coupon will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following: 
(i) 
where "Relevant Option" is specified to be Option 1 in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(A) 
if, in respect of an Interest Period (n), ACRn is greater than or equal to RCR: 
(x) 
AIRn will be equal to RCR; and 
(y) 
TRCn will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
TRCn =  TRC(n−1) + ACRn −RCR; or 
(B) 
if, in respect of an Interest Period (n), ACRn is less than RCR, then:

--- Page 946 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
946 
 
(i) 
AIRn will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
AIRn = Min ൣ൫ACRn + TRC(n−1)൯; RCR൧; and 
(ii) 
TRCn will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
TRCn = TRC(n−1) + ACRn −AIRn; or 
(ii) 
where "Relevant Option" is specified to be Option 2 in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
for any Interest Period (n) falling within the Initial Reserve Period: 
(x) 
if, in respect of an Interest Period (n), ACRn is greater than or equal 
to zero: 
(I) 
AIRn will be equal to ACRn; and 
(II) 
TRCn will be equal to TRC(n-1); or 
(y) 
if, in respect of an Interest Period (n), ACRn is less than zero:  
(I) 
AIRn will be equal to zero; and 
(II) 
TRCn will be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
TRCn = TRC(n−1) + ACRn; and 
(b) 
for any Interest Period (n) falling during the period (the "Remaining Reserve 
Period") after the Initial Reserve Period,  
(x) 
AIRn will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
AIRn = Max ൤ACRn + TCRA
RPN ; 0൨ 
(y) 
TRRn for the purposes of Valuation and Settlement Condition 29 
(Redemption Reserve Notes), where applicable, will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following: 
(I) 
if ACRn is less than zero, an amount determined by 
reference to the following formula: 
TRRn = TRR(n-1) + AIRn + ACRn 
(II) 
if ACRn is greater than or equal to zero, TRRn will be equal 
to zero; or 
(iii) 
where "Relevant Option" is specified to be Option 3 in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(A) 
if, in respect of an Interest Period (n), ACRn is less than the Floor:

--- Page 947 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
947 
 
(x) 
AIRn will be equal to the Floor; and 
(y) 
TRCn will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
TRCn =  TRC(n−1) + Floor −ACRn; or 
(B) 
if, in respect of an Interest Period (n), ACRn is greater than or equal to the 
Floor, then: 
(x) 
AIRn will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
AIRn = ACRn − Min ൣTRC(n−1); (ACRn −Floor)൧; and 
(y) 
TRCn will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
TRCn = TRC(n−1) −Min ൣTRC(n−1); (ACRn −Floor)൧ 
Unless otherwise expressly provided in the applicable Issue Terms, any interest basis, other than 
Fixed Rate Notes in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify "Accrual" to be not 
applicable, Inflation Rate Notes and DIR Inflation Linked Notes, may be specified to be Reserve 
Coupon Notes. 
(b) 
Definitions 
The following terms and shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined 
in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 15 shall have the meanings given to such terms in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)): 
"ACRn" or "Actual Coupon Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n) to which the 
Reserve Coupon Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), the Interest 
Rate otherwise determined for such Interest Period (n) in accordance with the Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions prior to the application of the Reserve Coupon Note Provisions set out 
in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 15 but applied either before or after, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the application of the FX Performance Note Provisions for the 
relevant Interest Period (n). 
"Floor" means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Initial Reserve Period" means the period specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"RCR" or "Reserve Coupon Rate" means the rate of interest specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"RPN" means the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms, being the number of Interest 
Periods (n) falling within the Remaining Reserve Period. 
"TRC(A)" means the arithmetic average of the Total Reserve Coupons for each of the Interest 
Periods (n) in the Initial Reserve Period.

--- Page 948 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
948 
 
"TRCn" or "Total Reserve Coupon" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n), a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent as specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 15(a) 
above: 
"TRC(n-1)" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n) (the "Current Interest Period"), the Total 
Reserve Coupon for the Interest Period (n) immediately preceding that Current Interest Period, 
PROVIDED THAT, "TRC(n-1)" for the first Interest Period (n) to which the Reserve Coupon 
Note Provisions apply shall be zero.  
"TRRn" or "Total Redemption Reserve" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n), a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent as specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
15(a)(ii)(B)(y) above. 
"TRRn-1" means, in respect of a Current Interest Period, the Total Reserve Coupon for the 
Interest Period (n) immediately preceding the Current Interest Period, PROVIDED THAT, 
"TRR(n-1)" for the first Interest Period (n) in the Remaining Reserve Period shall be zero.  
(c) 
Determination of the Interest Amount 
Subject as provided in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 15, the Interest Amount shall 
be determined as provided in the Valuation and Settlement Condition relating to the Actual 
Coupon Rate. 
16. 
Global Interest Floor Notes 
(a) 
Interest Amount in respect of Final Interest Period for Global Interest Floor Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Global Interest Floor Note Provisions" to be 
applicable to the Notes ("Global Interest Floor Notes") and notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions (other than Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 18 (Restructure Interest Rate Notes)), the Interest Amount payable in respect of each 
principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount and the Final Interest Period will 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(i) 
AIA; plus 
(ii) 
Max [Floor – Sum, 0] 
(the resultant figure being rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention) and the provisions of the Valuation and Settlement Conditions relating to 
the Actual Interest Amount shall be subject to the provisions hereof. 
(b) 
Definitions 
"AIA" or "Actual Interest Amount" means the Interest Amount otherwise determined in 
respect of each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount and the Final Interest 
Period in accordance with the Valuation and Settlement Conditions prior to the application of 
the Global Interest Floor Note Provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 16 
but applied either before or after, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the application of 
the FX Performance Note Provisions.

--- Page 949 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
949 
 
"Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date 
or, if none, the final Interest Period in respect of the Notes. 
"Floor" means an amount in the Settlement Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the product of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the Floor Rate. 
"Floor Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Sum" means an amount in the Settlement Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of:  
(i) 
the Actual Interest Amount; and 
(ii) 
the sum of the Interest Amount payable in respect of each principal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount for each Interest Period other than the Final Interest 
Period (or, if "Interest Rollup" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the sum of the Interest Amounts accrued and calculated in respect of each 
principal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount for each Interest Period 
other than the Final Interest Period and, subject to this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 16, payable on the Maturity Date). 
17. 
Global Interest Cap Notes 
(a) 
Interest Amount in respect of an Interest Payment Date for Global Interest Cap Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Global Interest Cap Note Provisions" to be 
applicable to the Notes ("Global Interest Cap Notes") and notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions (other than Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 18 (Restructure Interest Rate Notes)), the Interest Amount payable in respect of each 
principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount and an Interest Payment Date will 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the lesser 
of: 
(i) 
AIA; and 
(ii) 
Min [Cap – TAI, 0] 
(the resultant figure being rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention) and the provisions of the Valuation and Settlement Conditions relating to 
the Actual Interest Amount shall be subject to the provisions hereof. 
(b) 
Definitions 
"AIA" or "Actual Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date (the 
"Relevant Interest Payment Date"), the Interest Amount otherwise determined in respect of 
each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount and such Interest Payment 
Date in accordance with the Valuation and Settlement Conditions prior to the application of the 
Global Interest Cap Note Provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 17 but 
applied either before or after, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the application of the 
FX Performance Note Provisions.

--- Page 950 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
950 
 
"Cap" means an amount in the Settlement Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the product of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the Cap Rate. 
"Cap Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"TAI" or "Total Actual Interest" means an amount in the Settlement Currency calculated by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of:  
(i) 
the Actual Interest Amount; and 
(ii) 
the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each principal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount for each Interest Payment Date falling prior to the 
Relevant Interest Payment Date. 
17A. 
Auto Floor Notes 
(a) 
Interest Amount in respect of an Interest Payment Date for Auto Floor Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Auto Floor Note Provisions" to be applicable to 
the Notes ("Auto Floor Notes") and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Valuation 
and Settlement Conditions (other than Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 (Restructure 
Interest Rate Notes)), the Interest Amount payable in respect of each principal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount (the "Adjusted Interest Amount" or "AIAn") in respect of 
each Interest Period (n) to which the Auto Floor Note Provisions apply (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) and the related Interest Payment Date will be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following: 
(i) 
where Floorlets Number(n-1) is greater than zero: 
(x) 
if ACAn is less than the Floor Amount: 
(I) 
AIAn will be equal to the Floor Amount; and 
(II) 
Floorlets Numbern will be a number determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Floorlets Number(n-1) – 1. 
(y) 
if ACAn is greater than or equal to the Floor Amount: 
(I) 
AIAn will be equal to ACAn; and 
(II) 
Floorlets Numbern will be equal to Floorlets Number(n-1); or 
(ii) 
where Floorlets Number(n-1) is less than or equal to zero: 
(x) 
AIAn will be equal to ACAn; and 
(y) 
Floorlets Numbern will be equal to Floorlets Number(n-1), 
(the resultant figure for AIAn being rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention) and the provisions of the Valuation and Settlement Conditions 
relating to the Actual Interest Amount shall be subject to the provisions hereof.

--- Page 951 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
951 
 
(b) 
Definitions 
The following terms and shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined 
in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 17A shall have the meanings given to such terms in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)): 
"ACAn" or "Actual Coupon Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n) to which the 
Auto Floor Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and the related 
Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount otherwise determined for such Interest Period (n) 
respect of each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount and such Interest 
Payment Date in accordance with the Valuation and Settlement Conditions prior to the 
application of the Auto Floor Note Provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 
17A. but applied either before or after, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the application 
of the FX Performance Note Provisions for the relevant Interest Period (n). 
"Floor" means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Floor Amount" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the product of (i) 
the Floor and (ii) the Calculation Amount. 
"Floorlets Numbern" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n), a number determined by the 
Calculation Agent as specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 17A(a). 
"Floorlets Number(n-1)" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n) (the "Current Interest 
Period"), the Floorlets Numbern for the Interest Period (n) immediately preceding the Current 
Interest Period. "Floorlets Number(n-1)" for the first Interest Period (n) to which the Auto Floor 
Note Provisions apply shall be the Initial Floorlets Number. 
"Initial Floorlets Number" is the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Determination of the Interest Amount 
Subject as provided in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 17A., the Interest Amount shall 
be determined as provided in the Valuation and Settlement Condition relating to the Actual 
Coupon Rate. 
17B. 
Auto Cap Notes 
(a) 
Interest Amount in respect of an Interest Payment Date for Auto Cap Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Auto Cap Note Provisions" to be applicable to 
the Notes ("Auto Floor Notes") and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Valuation 
and Settlement Conditions (other than Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 (Restructure 
Interest Rate Notes)), the Interest Amount payable in respect of each principal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount (the "Adjusted Interest Amount" or "AIAn") in respect of 
each Interest Period (n) to which the Auto Cap Note Provisions apply (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) and the related Interest Payment Date will be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following: 
(i) 
where Caplets Number(n-1) is greater than zero: 
(x) 
if ACAn is greater than the Cap Amount:

--- Page 952 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
952 
 
(I) 
AIAn will be equal to ACAn; and 
(II) 
Caplets Numbern will be a number determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Caplets Number(n-1) – 1. 
(y) 
if ACAn is less than or equal to the Cap Amount: 
(I) 
AIAn will be equal to the Cap Amount; and 
(II) 
Caplets Numbern will be equal to Caplets Number(n-1); or 
(ii) 
where Caplets Number(n-1) is less than or equal to zero: 
(x) 
AIAn will be equal to the Cap Amount; and 
(y) 
Caplets Numbern will be equal to Caplets Number(n-1), 
(the resultant figure for AIAn being rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention) and the provisions of the Valuation and Settlement Conditions 
relating to the Actual Interest Amount shall be subject to the provisions hereof. 
(b) 
Definitions 
The following terms and shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined 
in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 17B shall have the meanings given to such terms in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)): 
"ACAn" or "Actual Coupon Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n) to which the 
Auto Floor Note Provisions apply (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and the related 
Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount otherwise determined for such Interest Period (n) 
respect of each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount and such Interest 
Payment Date in accordance with the Valuation and Settlement Conditions prior to the 
application of the Auto Cap Note Provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 
17B but applied either before or after, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the application 
of the FX Performance Note Provisions for the relevant Interest Period (n). 
"Cap" means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Cap Amount" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the product of (i) the 
Cap and (ii) the Calculation Amount. 
"Caplets Numbern" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n), a number determined by the 
Calculation Agent as specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 17B(a). 
"Caplets Number(n-1)" means, in respect of an Interest Period (n) (the "Current Interest 
Period"), the Caplets Numbern for the Interest Period (n) immediately preceding the Current 
Interest Period. "Caplets Number(n-1)" for the first Interest Period (n) to which the Auto Cap 
Note Provisions apply shall be the Initial Caplets Number. 
"Initial Caplets Number" is the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 953 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
953 
 
(c) 
Determination of the Interest Amount 
Subject as provided in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 17B, the Interest Amount shall 
be determined as provided in the Valuation and Settlement Condition relating to the Actual 
Coupon Rate. 
18. 
Restructure Interest Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Restructure Interest Rate Notes 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Restructure Interest Rate Note Provisions" to be 
applicable to the Notes ("Restructure Interest Rate Notes"), the provisions of this Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 18 will apply. 
If a sole Noteholder (the "Sole Noteholder") is the holder of the entire outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes and gives a valid Restructure Rate Request to the Issuer in accordance with 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 on a Valid Restructure Rate Request Business Day 
(the date on which such Restructure Rate Request is so given, the "Restructure Rate Request 
Date"), the Issuer will notify the Sole Noteholder by telephone of the relevant Restructure Rate 
(a "Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation") in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 18 on such Restructure Rate Request Date. 
If: 
(i) 
during such Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation, the relevant Sole Noteholder 
Contact confirms the Sole Noteholder's acceptance of such Restructure Rate (a 
"Restructure Rate Acceptance"); and 
(ii) 
the Sole Noteholder has given a valid Holding Notice to the Issuer in accordance with 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 on such Restructure Rate Request Date, 
then: 
(x) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions, 
the Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period comprising the relevant Restructure 
Rate Request Period will be equal to the relevant Restructure Rate and the Issuer shall 
make such adjustments to the Conditions of the Notes as it determines necessary or 
appropriate to reflect the application of the Restructure Rate (which adjustments may 
include, but shall not be limited to, adjustments to any Day Count Fraction, any 
Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, any Interest Determination 
Date and any other relevant methodology or definition for calculating the relevant 
Restructure Rate and the provisions of the Valuation and Settlement Conditions 
relating to the Interest Rate that would otherwise have been determined in respect of 
such Interest Period(s) shall be subject to the provisions hereof; and 
(y) 
the Issuer will give notice thereof (a "Restructure Rate Request Confirmation") to 
the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). 
Subject as provided below, more than one valid Restructure Rate Request may be given in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 on the same Valid Restructure Rate 
Request Business Day and there is no limit on the number of such Restructure Rate Requests 
that may be given.

--- Page 954 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
954 
 
If a Maximum Number of Restructure Rate Acceptances is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the number of valid Restructure Rate Acceptances given in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 during the life of the Notes (in aggregate, whether by 
the current and/or any prior Sole Noteholder) may not exceed such Maximum Number of 
Restructure Rate Acceptances and if the number of such valid Restructure Rate Acceptances is 
equal to such Maximum Number of Restructure Rate Acceptances, no further Restructure Rate 
Requests may be given. For the avoidance of doubt and subject as provided below, if no 
Maximum Number of Restructure Rate Acceptances is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
(subject as provided below), there is no limit on the number of such Restructure Rate 
Acceptances or Restructure Rate Requests that may be given. 
If a valid Restructure Rate Acceptance is given in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 18 in respect of any Interest Period(s), no subsequent Restructure Rate Request may 
be given in respect of such Interest Period(s).   
For the avoidance of doubt any failure by the Issuer to give a Restructure Rate Request 
Confirmation shall not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes and shall not affect the 
validity of the application of the above provisions. 
(b) 
Definitions 
"Fixed Fee Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Holding Notice" means a notice containing satisfactory evidence to the Issuer of the Sole 
Noteholder's holding of the entire outstanding principal amount of the Notes which, in the case 
of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate may (at the Issuer's discretion) be 
in the form of a certification or other document from the Relevant Clearing System. If a 
Restructure Rate Request also contains such evidence, such Restructure Rate Request will also 
be deemed to be a Holding Notice. 
"Number of Basis Points" means the number of basis points specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Restructure Fee" means, in respect of a Restructure Rate, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency: 
(i) 
if "Fixed Restructure Fee" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
equal to the Fixed Fee Amount; or 
(ii) 
if "Basis Points Restructure Fee" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, calculated by the Issuer equal to the present value of the Number of Basis 
Points per annum on the outstanding principal amount of the Notes for the tenor of the 
Notes remaining from (and including) the first day of the Interest Period next 
commencing after the Restructure Rate Request Date (or, if the Restructure Rate 
Request Date falls on the first day of an Interest Period, such Interest Period), 
discounted by a prevailing internal funding rate (which may be adjusted by a spread).  
"Restructure Rate" means a fixed rate or floating/variable rate, determined by the Issuer acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner taking into consideration any factors it determines 
appropriate, including, without limitation: 
(i) 
the present value of the future Interest Amounts otherwise payable in respect of the 
Notes (taking into account any applicable caps and floors including, without limitation,

--- Page 955 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
955 
 
any floor applied pursuant to the Global Interest Floor Note Provisions and/or any cap 
applied pursuant to the Global Interest Cap Note Provisions), discounted by a 
prevailing internal funding rate (which may be adjusted by a spread); 
(ii) 
any costs to the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates of establishing or unwinding any 
related hedging arrangements in connection with changing the relevant Interest Rate(s) 
to the Restructure Rate (taking into account, without limitation, the terms of any 
collateral arrangements in place between the parties to any such hedging arrangements 
and the difference(s) between the collateral terms of any such newly established 
hedging arrangements and any such unwound hedging arrangements);  
(iii) 
prevailing market conditions; and 
(iv) 
if one or more valid Restructure Rate Acceptances has already been given in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 18, a deduction to reflect the 
relevant Restructure Fee relating to such Restructure Rate Acceptances. 
"Restructure Rate Request" means an irrevocable signed notice in such form as the Issuer 
may require at the relevant time (the form of which can be obtained from the Issuer Notice 
Details specified in the applicable Issue Terms): 
(i) 
specifying one or more future consecutive Interest Periods (together the "Restructure 
Rate Request Period") commencing on or after the Restructure Rate Request Start 
Date; 
(ii) 
requesting that the Issuer proposes a Restructure Rate to be the Interest Rate in respect 
of each such Interest Period;  
(iii) 
specifying the telephone number(s) and person(s) (each a "Sole Noteholder Contact") 
to any of which the related Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation to the Sole 
Noteholder may be given (together the "Sole Noteholder Notice Details"); and 
(iv) 
which may include, without limitation, such representation(s), acknowledgement(s) 
and/or confirmation(s) as the Issuer may require in relation to the Sole Noteholder's 
holding and the beneficial ownership of the Notes and, in the event the Sole Noteholder 
later accepts the Restructure Rate, its agreement of the basis on which and market 
conditions in which the Restructure Rate has been provided and evidence of the due 
authorisation of the Sole Noteholder to request and accept a Restructure Rate and of 
the signatory of the Restructure Rate Request and each Sole Noteholder Contact, in 
each case as of the Restructure Rate Request Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the form of Restructure Rate Request will reflect the Issuer's 
requirement(s) at the relevant time and accordingly may vary at different times. 
"Restructure Rate Request Start Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Valid Restructure Rate Request Business Day" means, in respect of a Restructure Rate 
Request, any Business Day falling on or after the Issue Date and not less than 10 Business Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Restructure Rate Request Period.

--- Page 956 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
956 
 
(c) 
Notices 
Notices to the Issuer 
Subject to the following paragraph, any Restructure Rate Request or Holding Notice given by 
the Sole Noteholder to the Issuer pursuant to this Valuation and Settlement Condition 18: 
(i) 
must be by e-mail or letter delivered by hand to the e-mail address(s) or address and 
marked for the attention of the person(s) or department specified in the Issuer Notice 
Details in the applicable Issue Terms (or to such other details as the Issuer may notify 
to the Noteholders from time to time in accordance with General Condition 13 
(Notices)); and 
(ii) 
will be deemed to have been given when despatched to the relevant email address (if 
by e-mail) or delivered (if by letter) but, in respect of a Business Day, will only be 
deemed to have been validly given on such Business Day if given on or prior to the 
relevant Notice Cut-Off Time on such Business Day (and, if by e-mail, provided that 
no delivery failure notification has been received by the sender immediately following 
despatch). The Issuer will not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as 
valid or not rejected any certificate or document for the purposes of this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 18 purporting to be issued by any relevant entity person and 
subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
Notices to the Sole Noteholder 
Subject to the following paragraph, any Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation given by the 
Issuer to the Sole Noteholder pursuant to this Valuation and Settlement Condition 18: 
(i) 
must be by telephone using one of the telephone number(s) specified for such purpose 
in the Sole Noteholder Notice Details and made to a Sole Noteholder Contact; and 
(ii) 
will be deemed to have been given when made but, in respect of a Business Day, will 
only be deemed to have been validly given on such Business Day if given on or prior 
to the relevant Notice Cut-Off Time on such Business Day.   
If the Issuer has attempted, but has been unable to contact any Sole Noteholder Contact for the 
purposes of giving a Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation by the relevant Notice Cut-Off Time 
on a Business Day, the Issuer's obligation to give such Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation 
hereunder will be deemed satisfied notwithstanding this. 
Where: 
"Notice Cut-Off Time" means: 
(x) 
in respect of a Restructure Rate Request, 12:00 p.m. (Central European time); 
(y) 
in respect of a Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation, four hours after the relevant 
Restructure Rate Request is given in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 18; and 
(z) 
in respect of a Holding Notice, no later than the time at which the relevant Restructure 
Rate Telephone Quotation is given in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 18.

--- Page 957 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
957 
 
Any notice required to be given in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 18 
which does not comply with the applicable requirements above shall not be valid and shall be 
null and void and of no effect. 
(d) 
Determination of the Interest Amount 
Subject as provided in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 18, the Interest Amount shall 
be determined as provided in the Valuation and Settlement Condition relating to the Interest 
Rate otherwise applicable under the Notes. 
19. 
Switcher Option 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify the "Switcher Option" to be applicable, the Issuer may, 
having given (in the case of Registered Notes) the number of days' notice specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified: 
(i) 
not less than, five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than five days' notice to the Registrar, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable) exercise the option (a "Switcher Option") switch the 
interest basis (which may be a zero or an interest bearing basis) on the Notes from the existing 
interest basis (if any) to the New Interest Basis specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Any 
Switcher Option shall become effective from and including the Switcher Interest 
Commencement Date and the Notes shall cease to bear interest (if any) on the existing interest 
basis and shall bear interest at the New Interest Basis from and including the Switcher Interest 
Commencement Date. 
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may be able to exercise the Switcher 
Option more than once and to one or more specified New Interest Basis (Bases). 
If a "Conversion Amount per Calculation Amount payable by the Issuer" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall pay such amount per Calculation Amount to the 
Noteholders on the relevant Switcher Payment Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
such payment to be made in accordance with and subject to the Conditions. 
20. 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Automatic Change of Interest Basis" to be applicable, 
then the Interest Rate or Interest Amount in respect of an Interest Period and/or Interest Payment 
Date will be determined in accordance with the interest basis applicable to such Interest Period 
and/or Interest Payment Date, which will be in respect of:  
(a) 
any Interest Payment Date, the interest basis set forth in the Interest Basis Table in the column 
entitled "Type of Notes" in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column entitled 
"Interest Payment Date(s)") on which such Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall; or 
(b) 
(i) the Interest Period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first succeeding Interest Period End Date after the Interest 
Commencement Date, the interest basis set forth in the Interest Basis Table in the column 
entitled "Type of Notes" in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column entitled 
"Interest Period End Date") on which such first Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall;

--- Page 958 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
958 
 
and (ii) each successive Interest Period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period End 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period End Date, the interest 
basis set forth in the Interest Basis Table in the column entitled "Type of Notes" in the row 
corresponding to the date (specified in the column entitled "Interest Period End Date") on which 
such next succeeding Interest Period End Date (on which such Interest Period ends) is scheduled 
to fall. 
21. 
Lock-in Change of Interest Basis 
(a) 
Interest Basis 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "Lock-in Change of Interest Basis" to be applicable, then: 
(i) 
the initial interest basis (the "Initial Interest Basis") in respect of each Interest Period 
falling during the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first occurring Lock-in Date shall be the interest 
basis specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Initial Interest Basis 
Period"); and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of one or more Lock-in Events n, the interest basis that will 
apply in respect of each Interest Period falling during the period from (and including) 
the first occurring Lock-in Date to (but excluding) the immediately succeeding Lock-
in Date (or, if none, the Maturity Date) and each subsequent period from (and 
including) a Lock-in Date to (but excluding) the immediately succeeding Lock-in Date 
(or, if none, the Maturity Date) (each a "Changed Interest Basis Period"), will be the 
interest basis for such Lock-in Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms (each a 
"Changed Interest Basis").   
Unless otherwise expressly provided in the applicable Issue Terms, the Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis Provisions may apply in respect of any interest basis, other than Fixed Rate Notes 
in respect of which the applicable Issue Terms specify "Accrual" to be not applicable. 
(b) 
Satisfaction of the Lock-in Condition 
"Lock-in Condition" means (and shall be deemed to be satisfied), in respect of a Lock-in 
Determination Date, if the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation on the relevant Lock-in 
Determination Date is: 
(A) 
if "Greater than the Lock-in Barrier" is specified under Lock-in Barrier Reference in 
the applicable Issue Terms, greater than the Lock-in Barrier; 
(B) 
if "Greater than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier" is specified under Lock-in Barrier 
Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier; 
(C) 
if "Less than the Lock-in Barrier" is specified under Lock-in Barrier Reference in the 
applicable Issue Terms, less than the Lock-in Barrier; or 
(D) 
if "Less than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier" is specified under Lock-in Barrier 
Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided herein.

--- Page 959 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
959 
 
"Lock-in Condition n" means, the Lock-in Condition determined by reference to the 
corresponding Lock-in Reference Observation n and Lock-in Barrier n, in each case, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(c) 
Determination of Lock-in Reference Observation and Lock-in Barrier 
For the purposes of the Conditions and, in particular in the case of paragraph (A) below, 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 (Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts), 
the "Lock-in Reference Observation" and the "Lock-in Barrier" (including each Lock-in 
Specified Rate (as defined below)) shall each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
may be: 
(A) 
either a "Reference Rate" and the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether such 
Reference Rate is: (i) a fixed rate (in the case of the Lock-in Barrier only), (ii) a 
Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination 
will apply, (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) a Spread Interest Rate, (v) a Relevant Spread 
Rate or (vi) a Spread Reference Rate; or  
(B) 
the Underlying Closing Level of an FX Rate, 
in each case, on the relevant Lock-in Determination Date. 
In relation to each Reference Rate (including the Lock-in Reference Observation and/or the 
Lock-in Barrier (and/or any Lock-in Specified Rate)), depending on which one of paragraph 
(A) (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) above is specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the 
applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for 
such Reference Rate, including any Lock-in Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Spread Note Provisions, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, in each case in accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate, Spread Interest Rate, Relevant Spread 
Rate or Spread Reference Rate (or any combination of the foregoing), in each case, as contained 
in the Conditions and, in the case of Notes that are not Exempt Notes, in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The Lock-in Barrier may also be the sum of more than one rate (each a "Lock-in Specified 
Rate") or one rate less another rate (each a "Lock-in Specified Rate"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Reference Rate (including the Lock-in Reference 
Observation and/or the Lock-in Barrier (and/or any Lock-in Specified Rate)) is to be determined 
by reference to either the relevant provisions for a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, 
all back up provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, as applicable, 
as contained in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions shall also apply in relation to the 
determination of such Reference Rate(s), as applicable. For the purposes of the Conditions and 
in particular Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions), each Reference Rate shall also be a 
"Rate" as defined in Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions). 
In relation to each FX Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such FX Rate, 
all the relevant terms for such FX Rate, including any Lock-in Determination Date and any 
terms required for the purposes of the FX Rate Conditions, in each case, as contained in the 
Conditions and, in the case of Notes that are not Exempt Notes, in the applicable Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 960 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
960 
 
(d) 
Lock-in Determination Date 
In respect of any Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier (other than a Lock-in 
Barrier which is a fixed rate), the relevant "Lock-in Determination Date" shall be the date 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Specified Lock-in Determination Date") 
or, if such day is not a Scheduled Determination Date or is a Lock-in Determination Disrupted 
Day for such Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier, as applicable, the Lock-in 
Determination Date shall be:  
(i) 
If "Preceding Determination" is specified as the Determination Date Valuation Method 
for the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Determination Date for such Lock-
in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier which is not a Lock-in Determination 
Disrupted Day for such Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier; or 
(ii) 
if "Succeeding Determination" is specified as the Determination Date Valuation 
Method for the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier in the 
applicable Issue Terms:  
(A) 
where the Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier, as the case may 
be, is comprised of one of more Reference Rates, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Determination Date for such Lock-in Reference Observation or 
Lock-in Barrier which is not a Lock-in Determination Disrupted Day for such 
Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier, PROVIDED THAT, if the 
relevant Reference Rate has not been determined prior to the day falling two 
Business Days prior to the scheduled date for payment of the relevant amount, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant Reference Rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; or 
(B) 
where the Lock-in Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier, as the case may 
be, is an FX Rate, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 1 
(Underlying Valuation Provisions and Fallback Provisions for Notes other 
than Underlying Linked Notes) and Underlying Schedule 5 (FX RATE 
Conditions) shall apply. 
Each such Lock-in Determination Date shall be deemed to be (i) in respect of a Reference Rate, 
an Interest Determination Date for the purposes of Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions), 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 (Determination of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts) 
and Valuation and Settlement Condition 23 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) and/or (ii) in 
respect of an FX Rate, a Valuation Date for the purposes of Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate 
Conditions). 
(e) 
Definitions 
The following terms and shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined 
in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 21 shall have the meanings given to such terms in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)): 
"Lock-in Barrier n" means each Lock-in Barrier (where n = 1 … k) specified for the relevant 
Lock-in Condition n in the applicable Issue Terms.  
"Lock-in Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 961 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
961 
 
"Lock-in Determination Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Lock-in Reference 
Observation: 
(i) 
where the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation is comprised of one or more 
Reference Rates, a Disrupted Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate 
Conditions)) for any of the Reference Rates comprising such Lock-in Reference 
Observation; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation is comprised of an FX Rate, a 
Disrupted Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 5 (FX RATE Conditions)) for such 
FX Rate. 
"Lock-in Event" means, in respect of a Lock-in Determination Date, the satisfaction of the 
relevant Lock-in Condition on such Lock-in Determination Date.  
"Lock-in Event n" means, in respect of a Lock-in Determination Date, the satisfaction of the 
corresponding Lock-in Condition n (where n = 1 … k) on such Lock-in Determination Date. 
"Lock-in Reference Observation n" means each Lock-in Reference Observation (where n = 1 
… k) specified for the relevant Lock-in Condition n in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Determination Date" means, in respect of a Lock-in Reference Observation: 
(i) 
where the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation is comprised of one or more 
Reference Rates, a Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate 
Conditions) for all the Reference Rates comprising such Lock-in Reference 
Observation; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Lock-in Reference Observation is comprised of an FX Rate, a 
Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in Underlying Schedule 5 (FX RATE Conditions) 
for such FX Rate. 
MANDATORY EARLY REDEMPTION 
22. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Events 
(a) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
If "Mandatory Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Event occurs, then all (but not some only) of the Notes will be 
redeemed, each Calculation Amount being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Amount on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date, the amount specified as such for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Condition" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date, whichever of Rollerball MER Condition or TARN MER Condition is 
specified as such for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the applicable Issue Terms or,

--- Page 962 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
962 
 
in the case of Exempt Notes, any other condition specified as such for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Event" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date, the satisfaction of the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Condition. 
(b) 
Rollerball MER Condition 
(i) 
Satisfaction of the MER Condition 
"Rollerball MER Condition" means (and shall be deemed to be satisfied), in respect 
of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, if the Rollerball Reference Observation on the 
relevant MER Determination Date is: 
(A) 
if "Greater than the Rollerball Barrier" is specified under Rollerball Barrier 
Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, greater than the Rollerball Barrier; 
(B) 
if "Greater than or equal to the Rollerball Barrier" is specified under 
Rollerball Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, greater than or 
equal to the Rollerball Barrier; 
(C) 
if "Less than the Rollerball Barrier" is specified under Rollerball Barrier 
Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, less than the Rollerball Barrier; or 
(D) 
if "Less than or equal to the Rollerball Barrier" is specified under Rollerball 
Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue Terms, less than or equal to the 
Rollerball Barrier, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided herein. 
(ii) 
Determination of Rollerball Reference Observation and Rollerball Barrier 
For the purposes of the Conditions and, in particular in the case of paragraph (A) 
below, Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 (Determination of Interest Rates and 
Interest Amounts), the "Rollerball Reference Observation" and the "Rollerball 
Barrier" (including each Rollerball Specified Rate (as defined below)) shall each be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and may be either: 
(A) 
a "Reference Rate" and the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether such 
Reference Rate is: (i) a fixed rate (in the case of the Rollerball Barrier only), 
(ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination will apply: (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, (iv) a Spread Interest 
Rate, (v) a Relevant Spread Rate or (vi) a Spread Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
the Underlying Closing Level of an FX Rate, 
in each case, on the relevant on the MER Determination Date.

--- Page 963 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
963 
 
The Rollerball Barrier may also be the sum of more than one Reference Rate (each a 
"Rollerball Specified Rate") or one Reference Rate less another Reference Rate (each 
a "Rollerball Specified Rate"). 
In relation to each Reference Rate (including the Rollerball Reference Observation 
and/or the Rollerball Barrier (and/or any Rollerball Specified Rate)), depending on 
which one of (A)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) above is specified in relation to such 
Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such Reference 
Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any MER Determination 
Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Spread Note Provisions, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in 
accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest 
Rate, CMS Interest Rate, Spread Interest Rate, Relevant Spread Rate or Spread 
Reference Rate (or any combination of the foregoing), in each case, as contained in the 
Conditions and, in the case of Notes that are not Exempt Notes, in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Reference Rate (including the Rollerball 
Reference Observation and/or the Rollerball Barrier (and/or any Rollerball Specified 
Rate)) is to be determined by reference to either the relevant provisions for a Floating 
Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, all back up provisions relating to a Floating Interest 
Rate or CMS Interest Rate, as applicable, as contained in the Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions shall also apply in relation to the determination of such Reference Rate(s), 
as applicable. For the purposes of the Conditions and in particular Underlying Schedule 
2 (Rate Conditions), each Reference Rate shall also be a "Rate" as defined in 
Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions). 
In relation to each FX Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such 
FX Rate, all the relevant terms for such FX Rate, including any MER Determination 
Date and any terms required for the purposes of the FX Rate Conditions, in each case, 
as contained in the Conditions and, in the case of Notes that are not Exempt Notes, in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
A different Rollerball Reference Observation and/or Rollerball Barrier may apply in 
respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
MER Determination Date 
In respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date and any Rollerball Reference 
Observation or Rollerball Barrier (other than a Rollerball Barrier which is a fixed rate) 
relating to such Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the relevant "MER 
Determination Date" shall be the date specified as such for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Specified MER Determination 
Date") or, if such day is not a Scheduled Determination Date or is a Rollerball 
Determination Disrupted Day for such Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball 
Barrier, as applicable, the MER Determination Date shall be:  
(I) 
if "Preceding Determination" is specified as the Determination Date 
Valuation Method for the relevant Rollerball Reference Observation or 
Rollerball Barrier in the applicable Issue Terms, the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Determination Date for such Rollerball Reference Observation or 
Rollerball Barrier (other than a Rollerball Barrier which is a fixed rate) which

--- Page 964 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
964 
 
is not a Rollerball Determination Disrupted Day for such Rollerball Reference 
Observation or Rollerball Barrier; or 
(II) 
if "Succeeding Determination" is specified as the Determination Date 
Valuation Method for the relevant Rollerball Reference Observation or 
Rollerball Barrier in the applicable Issue Terms,  
(1) 
where the Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier, as 
the case may be, is comprised of one or more Reference Rates, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Determination Date for such 
Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier which is not 
a Rollerball Determination Disrupted Day for such Rollerball 
Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier, PROVIDED THAT, if 
the relevant Reference Rate has not been determined prior to the day 
falling two Business Days prior to the scheduled date for payment 
of the relevant amount, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant Reference Rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it deems appropriate; or 
(2) 
where the Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier, as 
the case may be, is an FX Rate, the provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1 (Underlying Valuation Provisions and 
Fallback Provisions for Notes other than Underlying Linked Notes) 
and Underlying Schedule 5 (FX RATE Conditions) shall apply. 
Each such MER Determination Date shall be deemed to be (i) in respect of a Reference 
Rate, an Interest Determination Date for the purposes of Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate 
Conditions), Valuation and Settlement Condition 5 (Determination of Interest Rates 
and Interest Amounts) and Valuation and Settlement 23 (Reference Rate Event 
Provisions) and/or (ii) in respect of an FX Rate, a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
Underlying Schedule 5 (FX Rate Conditions). 
(iv) 
Definitions 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Rollerball Determination Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Rollerball 
Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier: 
(i) 
where the relevant Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier is 
comprised of one or more Reference Rates, a Disrupted Day (as defined in 
Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions)) for any of the Reference Rates 
comprising such Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier, as 
the case may be; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier is 
comprised of an FX Rate, a Disrupted Day (as defined in Underlying 
Schedule 5 (FX RATE Conditions)) for such FX Rate. 
"Scheduled Determination Date" means, in respect of a Rollerball Reference 
Observation or Rollerball Barrier:

--- Page 965 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
965 
 
(i) 
where the relevant Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier is 
comprised of one or more Reference Rates, a Scheduled Trading Day (as 
defined in Underlying Schedule 2 (Rate Conditions) for all the Reference 
Rates comprising such Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball 
Barrier, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier is 
comprised of an FX Rate, a Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in Underlying 
Schedule 5 (FX RATE Conditions)) for such FX Rate. 
(c) 
TARN MER Condition 
"TARN MER Condition" means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, either 
(i) 
the sum of the interest payable in respect of (A) the Interest Payment Date falling on 
or about such Mandatory Early Redemption Date and (B) each Interest Payment Date 
falling prior to such Mandatory Early Redemption Date; or 
(ii) 
where "Interest Rollup" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
sum of all the Interest Amounts determined in respect of (i) the Interest Period ending 
on or about such Mandatory Early Redemption Date (the End Interest Period) and 
(B) each Interest Period preceding the End Interest Period, 
in each case, other than any Excluded Interest Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
is equal to or greater than the relevant TARN Rate specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
A different TARN Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
RATE FALLBACK PROVISIONS 
23. 
Reference Rate Event Provisions 
This Valuation and Settlement Condition 23 shall apply in the circumstances specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 24 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments). 
(a) 
Reference Rate Event  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in 
respect of a Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) will: 
(i) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate; and 
(ii) 
if it identifies a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate: 
(A) 
calculate an Adjustment Spread that will be applied to the Replacement 
Reference Rate; and 
(B) 
determine such other amendments to the Notes which it considers are 
necessary and/or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the

--- Page 966 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
966 
 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as 
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread); and 
(iii) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread 
and such other adjustments will become effective in relation to the relevant Notes, 
PROVIDED THAT, as an alternative to the procedure described in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and 
(iii) above, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) may instead: (i) 
determine that no Replacement Reference Rate or other amendments to the terms of the Notes 
are required as a result of such Reference Rate Event (such determination being a "No 
Adjustment Determination"); or (ii) make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as it 
determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Reference Rate Event (the 
"RRE Adjustments").  
PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) has fully 
determined for purposes of the Notes, as applicable, (i) a Replacement Reference Rate and the 
related timing and amendments to the Notes or (ii) the relevant RRE Adjustments, the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) shall notify the Issuer of such 
determination made by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such 
determination as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event prior to the earliest effective 
date for the relevant replacement and amendments or the relevant adjustments, as applicable. 
The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in 
accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). Failure by the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the 
Noteholders of any such determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
Where "Reference Rate Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and if:  
(I) 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) has not made a No 
Adjustment Determination and the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to determine 
any RRE Adjustments; or 
(II) 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that it is not 
possible or commercially reasonable to identify a Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(III) 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that it is not 
possible or commercially reasonable to calculate an Adjustment Spread,  
the Issuer may redeem the Notes on a day selected by the Issuer, in which case each Note shall 
be redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount and the Issuer 
shall notify the Noteholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices). 
(b) 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any replacement or amendment having become 
effective pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 23(a) (Reference Rate Event) above, 
the relevant Reference Rate is required for any determination in respect of the Notes and at that 
time, no replacement or amendments have occurred in accordance with Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 23(a) (Reference Rate Event) and:

--- Page 967 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
967 
 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Notes to reference the Reference Rate and for the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) to use the Reference Rate 
to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes, the level of the Reference 
Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination 
of the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable 
law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) for the Notes to reference the Reference Rate or 
for any such entity to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Notes, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in its sole and absolute 
discretion (notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions), after 
consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate 
that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or 
successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate (including any temporary substitute or 
successor rate) or the rate published at the relevant time on the last day on which the 
Reference Rate was published or was permitted to be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation (the "Last Permitted Rate") or (b) if it determines there 
is no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate or 
the use of the Last Permitted Rate would not produce a commercially reasonable result, 
a substitute or successor rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative 
to the Reference Rate, taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). If such Reference Rate 
is determined as any such substituted or successor rate, the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) may determine such other amendments to the 
Notes which it considers are necessary and/or appropriate in order to reflect the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with such substituted or successor rate. 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines the 
Reference Rate in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above only, the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) shall notify the Issuer of such 
determination made by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such 
determination. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders thereof as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). Failure by 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) to notify the Issuer or 
failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders of any such determination will not affect 
the validity of any such determination. 
(c) 
Certain Defined Terms 
For the purposes of the above: 
"Adjustment Spread" means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that the 
Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent (as applicable) determines is required in order to 
reduce any transfer of economic value from (i) the Issuer to the Noteholders or (ii) the 
Noteholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate. Any such adjustment may be an 
adjustment spread that would be applied for over-the-counter derivatives transactions 
referencing the relevant Reference Rate in relation to the occurrence of an index cessation event 
or administrator/benchmark event in respect of such Reference Rate (howsoever described 
under the terms of the relevant transaction) and/or take account of, without limitation, any

--- Page 968 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
968 
 
anticipated transfer of economic value as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor 
of the Replacement Reference Rate by comparison to the Reference Rate. The Adjustment 
Spread may be positive, negative or zero and/or determined pursuant to a formula or 
methodology. 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Replacement Reference Rate means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Reference Rate. 
"Interpolated Reference Rate" with respect to the Reference Rate means the rate determined 
for the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the Reference Rate 
for the longest period for which the Reference Rate is available that is shorter than the 
Corresponding Tenor and (2) the Reference Rate for the shortest period for which the Reference 
Rate is available that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor. 
"Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate" means, in respect of the relevant Reference 
Rate, the first of the indices, benchmarks or other price sources or rates specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms that is not subject to a Reference Rate Event. 
"Reference Rate Event" means:  
(i) 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that (A) a 
material change in the relevant Reference Rate has occurred or will occur, or (B) the 
permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Reference 
Rate has occurred or will occur and there is no successor administrator or provider that 
will continue to provide the Reference Rate, or (C) a regulator or other official sector 
entity has prohibited or will prohibit the use of or it is otherwise not permitted to use 
such Reference Rate in respect of the Notes or any related hedging arrangements in 
respect of the Notes which are derivative transactions referencing the relevant 
Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval 
or inclusion in any official register in respect of the relevant Reference Rate or the 
administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, 
obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the 
relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case, with the 
effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or 
regulation to use the relevant Reference Rate to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Notes; 
(iii) 
save where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that "Reference Rate Event (Limb 
(iii))" is not applicable, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
determines that it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant 
Reference Rate in connection with the Notes as a result of any applicable licensing 
restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence 
(including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) or any other entity is required to hold a valid 
licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect of the Notes and for any 
reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a 
material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence);

--- Page 969 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
969 
 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that there 
has been a public statement or publication of information by the administrator or 
sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate, any national, regional or other supervisory or 
regulatory authority which is responsible for either (a) supervising the administrator or 
sponsor of the Reference Rate or (b) regulating the Reference Rate, the central bank 
for the currency of the Reference Rate or another official body with applicable 
responsibility announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified 
future date will no longer be representative, of any underlying market and economic 
reality that such Reference Rate is intended to measure and that representativeness will 
not be restored; or 
(v) 
the relevant Reference Rate is the subject of any market-wide development in the over-
the-counter derivatives market (which may be in the form of a protocol, publication of 
standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is or will 
be replaced with a replacement rate with respect to over-the-counter derivatives 
transactions which reference such Reference Rate. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central bank for 
the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor 
which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of those central banks or other supervisors, or 
(d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Replacement Reference Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an index, benchmark 
or other price source or rate that the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative for such Reference Rate, PROVIDED 
THAT the Replacement Reference Rate must be any one of the following: 
(i) 
where applicable, the Interpolated Reference Rate with respect to the then-current 
Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
a Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
an index, benchmark, other price source or rate or fall-back rate or methodology for 
calculating an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fall-back rate (which may 
be formally designated, nominated or recommended by (a) any Relevant Nominating 
Body, (b) the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (c) ISDA or any other 
relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee to replace the 
Reference Rate) which is recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard 
replacement for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference such 
Reference Rate (which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of (a) a 
publication by the relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee, 
or (b) a press release, a member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, 
publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA); or  
(iv) 
an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fallback (which may include, without 
limitation, the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) or a rate calculated by 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in accordance with a 
methodology determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as

--- Page 970 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
970 
 
applicable)) that the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative for the Reference Rate. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of interest on early redemption 
In circumstances where an Early Redemption Amount becomes payable in respect of any 
interest bearing Notes in accordance with the Conditions on a date other than an Interest Period 
End Date and (i) separate amounts in respect of accrued interest are specified to be payable on 
early redemption and/or (ii) the Early Redemption Amount is defined to include an amount of 
accrued interest separate from any amounts in respect of principal or any option or interest on 
any option (the "Embedded Accrued Interest Amount") and/or (iii) any Early Redemption 
Amount does not include amounts in respect of accrued interest, the Issuer shall pay, in lieu of 
any such separate or embedded amounts of interest, an amount on account of the unpaid interest 
element of the Notes being early redeemed (the "Early Redemption Interest Amount") in 
addition to the relevant Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Interest Amount 
shall be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
where the Interest Rate and/or Interest Amount and/or Embedded Accrued Interest 
Amount applicable to the Interest Payment Date falling immediately after the date of 
early redemption can be determined prior to the relevant date of early redemption, the 
Early Redemption Interest Amount shall be calculated as the amount of accrued but 
unpaid interest payable in respect of each Calculation Amount determined on the basis 
of the Conditions, adjusted only so that the due date for early redemption is deemed to 
be the final Interest Payment Date, and applying the Day Count Fraction specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, or otherwise as the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent (as applicable) determines appropriate, taking into account the period elapsed 
since the previous Interest Period End Date or (if none) the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in all other cases, the Early Redemption Interest Amount shall be calculated as an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
as reflecting the fair market value of the unpaid interest element of the relevant 
Calculation Amount (if any) less (except in the case of any early redemption pursuant 
to General Condition 9 (Events of Default) the proportionate cost to the Issuer and/or 
its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding 
arrangements in respect of the Notes (including, without limitation, any options 
relating to any Underlying hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Notes and, for the 
purposes of determining the fair market value of such Calculation Amount for the 
purposes of General Condition 9 (Events of Default), no account shall be taken of the 
financial condition of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor 
which, in each case, shall be presumed to be able to perform fully their respective 
obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no such Early Redemption Interest Amount which is contingent 
upon any event shall be payable in respect of the Notes, unless all the relevant events have been 
satisfied. 
24. 
Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments 
In relation to any event or circumstance affecting an interest rate, the fallback provisions 
described below must be applied in the order shown below, in each case where applicable for 
the relevant interest rate and the event or circumstance.  If the first applicable option shown 
does not apply to the relevant interest rate and the relevant event or circumstance then the next 
option set out below which does should be applied. Without limitation, the fallback provisions

--- Page 971 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
971 
 
below may be applied in accordance with their terms in relation to any relevant interest rate 
which itself has been previously determined pursuant to these fallback provisions. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 (Redemption 
or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event) shall apply in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 24(b) (Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event) to a Benchmark (whether such Benchmark is an interest rate or otherwise). 
(a) 
Reference Rate Event Provisions 
The Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 23 
(Reference Rate Event Provisions) shall apply where the applicable Issue Terms specifies any 
Reference Rate to be applicable in respect of the Notes. 
For the purposes hereof and of the Reference Rate Event Provisions and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions: 
"Reference Rate" means any interest rate (in each case howsoever described in the Conditions 
and as amended from time to time pursuant to the provisions of the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions) and any rate defined or specified as a "Reference Rate" in the Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms (as amended from time to time pursuant to 
the provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions), which may include, without limitation, 
(i) any floating rate determined by reference to (a) Screen Rate Determination, (b) ISDA 
Determination, (c) SONIA Floating Rate Determination, (d) SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination, (e) €STR Floating Rate Determination or (f) SARON Floating Rate 
Determination, (ii) any swap rate, (iii) any Underlying which is a Rate, (iv) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, (v) a CMS Interest Rate, or (vi) a CMS Reference Rate and, in each case will, where 
appropriate and without limitation, include any related component or underlying rate (including, 
for the purposes of the 2021 Definitions any Underlying Benchmark, as defined therein), tenor 
or index rate. Where more than one Reference Rate is applicable in respect of the Notes, 
"Reference Rate" shall be construed to refer to each such Reference Rate. Where a Reference 
Rate applies in respect of any relevant period or day as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
"Reference Rate" shall be construed to refer to such Reference Rate in respect of the relevant 
period or day as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event  
The provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 (Redemption or adjustment for 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event) shall apply where the applicable Issue Terms specifies any 
Benchmark (as defined in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 (Redemption or adjustment for 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event)) to be applicable in respect of the Notes, PROVIDED 
THAT the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 23 
(Reference Rate Event Provisions) do not apply to the relevant Benchmark as a result of the 
relevant event or circumstance. 
(c) 
Rate Conditions 
The provisions in respect of an Underlying which is a Rate set out in Underlying Schedule 2 
(Rate Conditions) relating to the determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on 
any Scheduled Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any Disrupted Day provisions 
relating to the consequences of any such Disrupted Day set out in the Conditions (the 
"Underlying Rate Fallback Provisions") shall apply to any such Underlying, PROVIDED 
THAT neither the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 23 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) nor the provisions set out in Valuation and

--- Page 972 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
972 
 
Settlement Condition 2 (Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event) 
apply to the relevant rate as a result of the relevant event or circumstance. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination and ISDA Determination 
The provisions relating to the determination of relevant floating rates set out in the SRD 
Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(1) (Screen Rate 
Determination) and the ISDA Determination provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
5(b)(i)(2) (ISDA Determination ) shall apply where Screen Rate Determination and/or ISDA 
Determination (respectively) are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT none of the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 23 (Reference Rate Event Provisions), the provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2 (Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event) 
and the Rate Conditions apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of the relevant event or 
circumstance.  
(e) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination, SOFR Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating 
Rate Determination and SARON Floating Rate Determination 
The provisions relating to the determination of relevant floating rates set out in the SFRD 
(Non-Index) Fallback Provisions and SFDR (Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(3)(III) (SONIA Floating Rate Determination – Non-availability), 
the SOFR Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(4)(III) (SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination – Non-availability), the €STR Fallback Provisions in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(5)(II) (€STR Floating Rate Determination – Non-availability) 
and the SARON Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(6)(II)(6)(II) 
(SARON Floating Rate Determination – Non-availability) shall apply where SONIA Floating 
Rate Determination, SOFR Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating Rate Determination or 
SARON Floating Rate Determination (respectively) are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT none of the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 23 (Reference Rate Event Provisions), the provisions set 
out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 (Redemption or adjustment for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) and the Rate Conditions apply to the relevant floating rate as 
a result of the relevant event or circumstance. 
(f) 
Adjustments 
Any adjustments to the Conditions (including the determination of any adjustment spread or 
factor, however defined) which the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
determines are necessary or appropriate pursuant to the provisions of the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 23 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) 
and the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 (Redemption or adjustment 
for an Administrator/Benchmark Event): 
(i) 
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market); 
(ii) 
may include, where applicable and without limitation, (i) technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including without limitation, changes to determination dates, 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag between the calculation or 
observation period of a rate and the related payment dates and other administrative

--- Page 973 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
973 
 
matters) that the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) decides are 
appropriate, (ii) the application of any adjustment factor or adjustment spread (whether 
or not expressly referenced in the relevant provision and which may be positive or 
negative) and (iii) (subject to compliance with applicable laws and/or regulatory 
guidance in the relevant jurisdiction) adjustments to reflect any increased costs to the 
Issuer of providing exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) and/or 
benchmark(s); and 
(iii) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more effective 
dates, may but does not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate 
which is determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a 
"risk-free rate" and which, unless the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, 
will be the relevant rate in relation to the then current and all future determination days. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) this Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 24 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments), the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) is not obliged to make any adjustment or make any 
determination in relation to the Conditions if the effective date(s) of the relevant adjustment or 
determination would fall after the earlier of (i) the date the affected interest rate or Benchmark 
is no longer used as an interest rate or Benchmark for purposes of the Notes and (ii) the maturity, 
termination or expiry of the Notes. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments), the Issuer 
and/or the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) may make all 
determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of the Notes as are provided 
for in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, Reference Rate Event, 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, or the occurrence of an event that causes the provisions in 
respect of relevant Underlyings which are Rates set out in Underlying Schedule 2 to apply (a 
"Substitute or Successor Rate Event"), as applicable, notwithstanding that such Benchmark 
Transition Event, Reference Rate Event, Administrator/Benchmark Event or Substitute or 
Successor Rate Event, as applicable, may have occurred before the Issue Date of the Notes.  
(g) 
No duty to monitor 
In relation to any relevant rate and for the purposes of applying the provisions referred to in any 
of the paragraphs (a) to (g) above, inclusive, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) will have any duty to monitor or enquire as to whether any 
relevant event or circumstance in respect of any such rate has occurred to which such provisions 
might apply. 
(h) 
Regulatory Obligations 
If (a) it is or would be unlawful or prohibited under any applicable law or regulation to determine 
and calculate a replacement interest rate or make any other determination or adjustment in 
accordance with the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 23 (Reference Rate Event Provisions), the  provisions set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2 (Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event), the 
SRD Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(1) (Screen Rate 
Determination), the ISDA Determination provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
5(b)(i)(2) (ISDA Determination ), the SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback Provisions and SFRD (Index 
Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(3)(III) (SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination – Non-availability, the SOFR Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement

--- Page 974 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
974 
 
Condition 5(b)(i)(4)(III) (SOFR Floating Rate Determination – Non-availability), the €STR 
Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(5)(II) (€STR Floating Rate 
Determination – Non-availability) or the SARON Fallback Provisions in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(b)(i)(6)(II) (SARON Floating Rate Determination – Non-availability) 
(each a "Reference Rate Fallback Provision") (or it would be unlawful were a determination 
to be made at that time); or (b) it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to 
determine a replacement interest rate or make any other determination or adjustment in 
accordance with any applicable Reference Rate Fallback Provision (or it would contravene 
those licensing requirements were a determination to be made at that time); or (c) the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that an adjustment spread 
(however described in the Reference Rate Fallback Provisions) is or would be a benchmark, 
index or other price source whose production, publication, methodology or governance would 
subject the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) to material additional 
regulatory obligations which it is unwilling to undertake, then the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) shall not be obliged to make the relevant determination or 
adjustment and may instead take any alternative action under the Conditions as it determines 
appropriate. 
FINAL REDEMPTION 
25. 
DIR Inflation Linked Redemption 
Where the Notes are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be DIR Inflation Linked Notes 
and the Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be the DIR Inflation 
Linked Redemption Amount, each Note shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount 
determined in respect of each Calculation Amount by reference to the following formula, 
provided that the Redemption Amount is subject to, in each case if specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a minimum of the Minimum Redemption Amount and a maximum of the 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴 × (𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅+ 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀) × 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 
where: 
"Base Index Figure" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"DIR Index" means any Underlying which is an Inflation Index and is designated as the DIR 
Index in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"DIR Index Figure" means, for the purposes of calculating the Redemption Amount, a figure 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀ℎ 𝑋𝑋+
(𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷 𝑜𝑜𝑜𝑜 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷−1)
𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷 𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖 𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚𝑚ℎ 𝑜𝑜𝑜𝑜 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷
× (𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀ℎ 𝑌𝑌−𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀ℎ 𝑋𝑋) 
"DIR Index Ratio" for the purposes of calculating the Redemption Amount means the DIR 
Index Figure divided by the Base Index Figure. 
"Index Month X" means the Underlying Closing Level of the DIR Index for the month that is 
the number of calendar months prior to the month in which the Maturity Date falls, such number 
being as specified under Index Month X in the applicable Issue Terms. Such date shall be

--- Page 975 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
975 
 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment as 
provided in, the Conditions. 
"Index Month Y" means the Underlying Closing Level of the DIR Index for the month that is 
the number of calendar months prior to the month in which the Maturity Date falls, such number 
being as specified under Index Month Y in the applicable Issue Terms and which shall be the 
month falling one month after Index Month X. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified 
Valuation Date for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment as provided in, the Conditions. 
"Margin" means the percentage rate (which may be positive or negative) specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Participation Rate" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, where "Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Participation Rate shall be 100 per cent. 
26. 
Lock-in Redemption Notes 
Where the Notes are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Lock-in Redemption Notes and the 
Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be the Lock-in Redemption Amount, 
each Note shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount determined in respect of each Calculation 
Amount by reference to the following: 
(a) 
if one or more Lock-in Event(s) (as defined in Valuation and Settlement Condition 21 (Lock-in 
Change of Interest Basis)) have occurred, the Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Calculation Amount shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x Relevant Lock-in Percentage; or 
(b) 
if no Lock-in Event has occurred and: 
(i) 
the Lock-in Final Level is less than or equal to the Lock-in Redemption Barrier, the 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴 𝑥𝑥 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃; 𝑜𝑜𝑜𝑜 
(ii) 
the Lock-in Final Level is greater than the Lock-in Redemption Barrier, the 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation Amount shall be an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴 𝑥𝑥 Lock-in Performance x RPR, 
PROVIDED THAT the Redemption Amount is subject to, if specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a minimum of the Minimum Redemption Amount and a maximum of the 
Maximum Redemption Amount.

--- Page 976 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
976 
 
Where: 
"Lock-in Final Level" means, in respect of the Underlying, the Underlying Closing 
Level of the Underlying on the Specified Lock-in Final Valuation Date. 
"Lock-in Performance" means, in respect of the Underlying, an amount expressed as 
a percentage and determined by reference to the following formula: 
Lock-in Strike Level
Lock-in Final Level  
"Lock-in Redemption Barrier" means the rate specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
"Lock-in Strike Level" means, in respect of the Underlying, the amount specified for 
the Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Participation Rate" or "RPR" means the percentage rate (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, where "Not 
Applicable" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Redemption Participation 
Rate shall be 100 per cent.. 
"Relevant Lock-in Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Relevant Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Specified Lock-in Final Valuation Date" means the final Lock-in Determination 
Date determined in accordance with the provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 21 (Lock-in Change of Interest Basis). 
27. 
Rate Linked Redemption Notes  
Where the Notes are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Rate Linked Redemption 
Notes and the Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be the Rate 
Linked Redemption Amount, each Note shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount 
determined in respect of each Calculation Amount by reference to the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x [100% + {Lev x (RL Final Level + Margin)}] 
provided that the Redemption Amount is subject to, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
a minimum of the Minimum Redemption Amount and a maximum of the Maximum 
Redemption Amount. 
Where: 
"Lev" means the leverage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT 
if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Lev is Not Applicable, Lev shall be 100 per cent.. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 977 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
977 
 
"Margin" means the percentage rate (which may be positive or negative) specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that 
Margin is Not Applicable, Margin shall be 0 (zero) per cent..  
"Minimum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Rate" means the Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Rate UCL" means, in respect of the Redemption Rate and the RL Valuation 
Date, the Underlying Closing Level for such Underlying in respect of the RL Valuation Date. 
"Redemption Rate 1" means the Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Rate 1 UCL" or "RR1 UCL" means, in respect of Redemption Rate 1 and the 
RL Valuation Date, the Underlying Closing Level for such Underlying in respect of the RL 
Valuation Date. 
"Redemption Rate 2" means the Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Rate 2 UCL" or "RR2 UCL" means, in respect of Redemption Rate 2 and the 
RL Valuation Date, the Underlying Closing Level for such Underlying in respect of the RL 
Valuation Date. 
"RL Final Level" means, in respect of the RL Valuation Date, a percentage (which may be 
positive, zero or negative) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following: 
(i) 
where "Single Rate" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Rate UCL; or 
(ii) 
where "Spread Rate" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
RR1 UCL – RR2 UCL. 
"RL Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and subject as set out below, the date 
specified as the "Specified RL Valuation Date" in the applicable Issue Terms. Such date shall 
be a Specified Valuation Date for the purposes of the Conditions and shall be adjusted as set 
out in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms. 
28. 
Interest Linked Redemption Notes 
(a) 
Where the Notes are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes and the Redemption Amount of the Notes is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
the Interest Linked Redemption Amount, each Note shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 
an amount determined in respect of each Calculation Amount by reference to the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount + SumAIA 
provided that the Redemption Amount is subject to, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
a minimum of the Minimum Redemption Amount and a maximum of the Maximum 
Redemption Amount. 
Where:

--- Page 978 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
978 
 
"AIA" or "Actual Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the Interest 
Amount determined in respect of each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount and such Interest Period in accordance with the Valuation and Settlement Condition 
relating to the Actual Interest Amount. 
"SumAIA" means the sum of the AIA determined in respect of each Interest Period (which may 
be a positive or negative value or zero). 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Determination of the Interest Amount 
Each Actual Interest Amount shall be determined as provided in the applicable Issue Terms and 
the applicable Valuation and Settlement Condition. However, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Conditions, no Interest Amount shall be payable in respect of the Notes on any 
Interest Payment Date and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly.  
In respect of an Interest Amount, the Minimum Interest Amount shall be deemed to be 'Not 
Applicable'. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Notes are Global Interest Floor Notes, the Redemption 
Amount cannot be specified to be the Interest Linked Redemption Amount. 
29. 
Redemption Reserve Notes 
Where the Notes are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Redemption Reserve 
Notes and the Redemption Amount of the Notes is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be the Redemption Reserve Amount, each Note shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
at an amount determined in respect of each Calculation Amount by reference to the 
following formula: 
(i) 
where "Relevant Redemption Option" is specified to be Option 1 or Option 2 in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x (100% + Redemption Reserve Amount); or 
(ii) 
where "Relevant Option" is specified to be Option 3 in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x (100% – Redemption Reserve Amount), 
provided that the Redemption Amount is subject to, if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a minimum of the Minimum Redemption Amount and a maximum of the 
Maximum Redemption Amount and provided further that, Redemption Reserve Notes 
may only also be Reserve Coupon Notes. 
Where: 
"Redemption Reserve Amount" means:

--- Page 979 ---
Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
 
979 
 
(i) 
where "Relevant Redemption Option" is specified to be Option 1 or Option 3 
in the applicable Issue Terms, TRCn in respect of the final Interest Period 
determined as specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 15 (Reserve 
Coupon Notes) above; or 
(ii) 
where "Relevant Redemption Option" is specified to be Option 2 in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum of TRRn in respect of each Interest Period 
(n) in the Remaining Reserve Period. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" shall be as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms.".

--- Page 980 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
980 
 
SECTION H.3– PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Notes in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the 
period[s][]-[] (repeat periods as necessary), [T]/[t]The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended or superseded, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, 
save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.]5 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Notes in the United Kingdom for which a UK PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] 
[]-[] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") and regulations 
made thereunder; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]6  
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") - The Issuer has determined the classification of the 
Notes as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).]7 
 
5  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
6  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
7  
To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it

--- Page 981 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
981 
 
[The Notes do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of 
the Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes and are not licensed by the Swiss Financial 
Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) thereunder. Accordingly, neither the Notes nor holders 
of the Notes benefit from protection under the Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes or 
supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) and investors are 
exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer [and the CGMHI Guarantor] [and the CGMFL 
Guarantor].]8 
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND – [[Other than with 
respect to offers of the Notes [during the period[s] []-[] (repeat periods as necessary),] for which a 
key information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act ("FinSA") or an 
equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared] [or] [for the duration of the applicable transition 
period under FinSA and its implementing ordinance, for which a simplified prospectus pursuant to 
Article 5(2) of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes, as such article was in effect 
immediately prior to the entry into effect of FinSA, has been prepared],] [t][T]he Notes are not intended 
to be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial 
Services Act ("FinSA")/FinSA] in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who 
is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having 
opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined 
in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 
58(2) FinSA.]9 
[This Final Terms has not been and will not be filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for 
entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of FinSA. Accordingly, the Notes may not be publicly offered, 
directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of FinSA, other than pursuant to an exemption 
under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland. Neither 
this Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus pursuant to FinSA, and neither this Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.]10 
[Include if the Notes or Underlying(s) are labelled or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", 
"social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar objectives: Notes or the Underlying(s) of Notes may be described 
or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar objectives. 
Notwithstanding the use of such term(s), such Notes or Underlying(s) (or the administrator(s) thereof) 
(a) may not meet investors' objectives or expectations as regarding investments having such or similar 
labels or objectives and/or (b) may not fulfil legislative or regulatory requirements or criteria as regarding 
investments having such or other similar labels or objectives.] 
[The Base Prospectus [is scheduled to expire on 4 July 2025 and the Issuer [and the Guarantor] intend[s] 
that the Base Prospectus will be updated immediately thereafter] [will be updated on [or around] []]. 
The updated base prospectus will be available on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com) [and] [the website of [] ([])].]11 
 
/ they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA. A notification of the product classification is required as long as an offer of securities is contemplated in Singapore and the offer 
is not, or not intended to be, restricted to persons specified in Regulation 2 of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (i.e. an "accredited investor", "expert investor", "institutional investor" or "any other person that is not 
an individual"). 
8  
Include if the Notes are offered in Switzerland. 
9  
Include if Notes are debt instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in Switzerland. 
10  
Include if Notes are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Notes is not filed and deposited with a review body in 
Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA. 
11  
Include in respect of a Tranche of Notes for which the offer spans an update of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 982 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
982 
 
Final Terms dated [] 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.]12 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395]/[82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31]/[549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53] 
Issue of [Specify Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche]/[[(Specify aggregate number of Units of 
Tranche)] Units of [(specify principal amount of each Unit)]] [Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.]13 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited]14 
Under the Citi Global Medium Term Note Programme 
 
[The Notes are intended to qualify as eligible debt securities for purposes of the Federal Reserve's total 
loss-absorbing capacity ("TLAC") rule. As a result, in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, Citigroup 
Inc.'s losses and any losses incurred by its subsidiaries would be imposed first on Citigroup Inc.'s 
shareholders and then on its unsecured creditors, including the holders of the Notes. Further, in a 
bankruptcy proceeding of Citigroup Inc., any value realised by holders of the Notes may not be sufficient 
to repay the amounts owed on the Notes. For more information about the consequences of TLAC on the 
notes, you should refer to "Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.) in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc." 
in the section "Description of Citigroup Inc" in the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus.] 
[Subject as provided above, any/Any] person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes in any 
Member State of the EEA may only do so[: 
(a) 
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in item 8 of Part B below, provided such person 
is one of the persons mentioned in item 8 of Part B below and that such offer is made during the 
Offer Period specified for such purpose therein and that any conditions relevant to the use of 
the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(b) 
or otherwise]15 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer.  
None of the Issuer [, the CGMHI Guarantor]13 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]14 and any Dealer has authorised, 
nor do any of them authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances. 
[For the purpose of the Base Prospectus (as defined below), "EU Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended).] 
The Notes [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]13 [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee]14 have not been 
and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act") or any state securities law. [The Notes [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]2 [and the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee]14 are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and may not be offered or sold within the 
 
12  
Delete as applicable. 
13  
Delete if Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
14  
Delete if Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
15  
Consider including this legend where a non-exempt offer of Notes is anticipated.

--- Page 983 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
983 
 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S). Each 
purchaser of the Notes or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed 
that it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person and will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, a U.S. person, other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof.]16 [The Notes are being offered 
and sold solely to "qualified institutional buyers" ("QIBs") in reliance on the exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A thereunder ("Rule 144A"). Each purchaser of the Notes 
or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it and each account 
for which it is purchasing (or holding) Notes is a QIB and that it will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time to any person other than (a) the Issuer or any 
affiliate thereof or (b) a person it reasonably believes to be a QIB purchasing the Notes for its own 
account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A 
and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any State of the United States and any other 
jurisdiction.]17 The Notes [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]13 [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee]14 
do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery 
(or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in 
the Notes has not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission under 
the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. For a description of certain restrictions on 
offers and sales of Notes, see "General Information relating to the Programme and the Notes – 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" in the Base Prospectus. 
The Notes may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and 
holding of the Notes is made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to 
Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a plan, 
individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject 
to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS  
The Notes are [English/New York/French] Law Notes[ that are also [Swedish Notes [(and therefore the 
Issuer shall have the right to obtain extracts from the register of creditors (Sw.skuldbok) from Euroclear 
Sweden)]] [Finnish Notes [(and therefore the Issuer shall, subject to regulations of Euroclear Finland and 
applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland a list of the holders of Finnish Notes, 
PROVIDED THAT it is technically possible for Euroclear Finland to maintain such a list)]]. [A Summary 
of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
under the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
each relevant Schedule) in the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
[[This Final Terms does not constitute final terms of the offer within the meaning of Article 8(4) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and has not been deposited with the Central Bank.] The Final Terms [will be] 
and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] [has][have] been filed and deposited with a review body 
in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of FinSA for the purposes of an offer of 
the Notes to the public in Switzerland on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. For this purpose references in this Final Terms to "Non-exempt Offer" 
are to "non-exempt public offer in Switzerland" and to "Public Offer Jurisdictions" mentioned in item 
 
16  
Include for Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S. 
17  
Include for Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A.

--- Page 984 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
984 
 
[8] of Part B below are to include Switzerland, regardless of Switzerland not being a Member State of 
the EEA.]18 / [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of Article 8(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation.]19 This Final Terms must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]13 [, 
the CGMFL Guarantor]14 and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] [up to, and including, [the later of] [the 
close of the offer period] [and] [the date of listing the Securities]]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] [and the translation of the Summary into [insert language required 
by any relevant Public Offer Jurisdictions]] [is] [are] available for viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents 
and [on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [on the website of [] ([])]. [In 
addition, this Final Terms is available [on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [[, 
/and] on the website of [] ([])] [and] [insert method of publication required in any relevant Public 
Offer Jurisdiction(s) and/or any jurisdiction in which the notes are admitted to trading].] (N.B. 
Consideration should be given as to how the Final Terms will be published in the event that the Notes 
are not listed on Euronext Dublin but are publicly offered).  
[Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, "Base 
Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Prospectus in relation to the 
Programme dated 5 July 2024.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, "Base 
Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 5 July 2024, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[]) dated [] ([the] "Supplement 
[No.[]]")[, a Supplement (No.[]) dated [] ([the] "Supplement [No.[]]")] [and a Supplement (No.[
]) dated [] ("Supplement No.[]" and, together with Supplement No.[] [and Supplement No. []], the 
"Supplements")].] 
[Insert the following if the Notes are listed on the multilateral trading facility of securitised derivative 
financial instruments, organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX"): The multilateral 
trading facility of securitised derivative financial instruments, organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. (the "SeDeX") is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II.] 
[Insert the following if the Securities are listed on the multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "EuroTLX"): The multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "EuroTLX") is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II.] 
[The following alternative language applies if (i) the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date or under this Base Prospectus but prior to the 
publication of one or more supplements or (ii) a new base prospectus is published during or after the 
offer period in respect of a Non-Exempt Offer but prior to the Issue Date of the relevant Notes.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth under the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, each relevant Schedule) in the Base Prospectus [as supplemented by the 
Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus].  
[[This Final Terms does not constitute final terms of the offer within the meaning of Article 8(4) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and has not been deposited with the Central Bank.] The Final Terms [will be] 
 
18  
Include if Notes are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Notes is or will be (as applicable) filed and deposited with a 
review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA. 
19  
Include where the Final Terms are deposited with the Central Bank.

--- Page 985 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
985 
 
and [the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and] the Current Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] 
[has][have] been filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to 
Article 64(5) of FinSA for the purposes of an offer of the Notes to the public in Switzerland on the basis 
of the combination of this Final Terms and [the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and] the Current 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. For this purpose references in this Final Terms to "Non-exempt 
Offer" are to "non-exempt public offer in Switzerland" and to "Public Offer Jurisdictions" mentioned in 
item [8] of Part B below are to include Switzerland, regardless of Switzerland not being a Member State 
of the EEA.]20 / [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation.]21 This Final Terms must be read in 
conjunction with the Current Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Prospectus], 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, save 
in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus [as supplemented by the 
Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [and are incorporated by reference into the Current Base 
Prospectus]. Full information on the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]13 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]14 and 
the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] and the Current Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement[s] to the Current Base Prospectus] [and any further supplements up to, and including, [the 
later of] [the close of the offer period] [and] [the date of listing of the Securities]]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at the 
offices of the Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [and] 
[the website of [] ([])]. The Current Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base 
Prospectus [and the translation of the Summary into [insert language required by any relevant Public 
Offer Jurisdictions]] [is/are] available for viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and [on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [and] [on the website of [] ([])]. [In addition, this 
Final Terms is available [on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [[, /and] on the 
website of [] ([])] [and] []] [insert method of publication required in any relevant Public Offer 
Jurisdiction(s)].] (N.B. Consideration should be given as to how the Final Terms will be published in the 
event that the Notes are not listed on Euronext Dublin but are publicly offered).  
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have not been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base 
Prospectus: For the purposes hereof, "Base Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] 
Rates Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated [28 June 2013/22 July 2014/10 August 2015/21 
December 2015/15 December 2016/15 December 2017/14 December 2018/19 July 2019/8 July 2020/8 
July 2021/8 July 2022/7 July 2023].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Prospectus: 
For the purposes hereof, "Base Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base 
Prospectus relating to the Programme dated [28 June 2013/22 July 2014/10 August 2015/21 December 
2015/15 December 2016/15 December 2017/14 December 2018/19 July 2019/8 July 2020/8 July 2021/8 
July 2022/7 July 2023], as supplemented by a Supplement (No. []) dated [] ([the] "Supplement to the 
Base Prospectus [No. []]") [and a Supplement (No. []) dated [] ("Supplement No. []" and, together 
with Supplement No. [], the "Supplements to the Base Prospectus")].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
"Current Base Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Prospectus 
relating to the Programme dated 5 July 2024.] 
 
20  
Include if Notes are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Notes is or will be (as applicable) filed and deposited with a 
review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA. 
21  
Include where the Final Terms are deposited with the Central Bank.

--- Page 986 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
986 
 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
"Current Base Prospectus" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Prospectus 
relating to the Programme dated 5 July 2024, as supplemented by a Supplement (No. []) dated [] ([the] 
"Supplement to the Current Base Prospectus [No. []]") [and a Supplement (No. []) dated [] 
("Supplement No. []" and, together with Supplement No. [], the "Supplements to the Current Base 
Prospectus")].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub 
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms] 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc./Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.]1 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only Notes issued by Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Holdings 
Inc. 
are 
guaranteed by Citigroup Inc. Only Notes 
issued by Citigroup Global Markets 
Funding 
Luxembourg 
S.C.A. 
are 
guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited.) 
 
(i) 
Type of security: 
[Notes] 
[Italian Listed Certificates] (if Applicable, 
replace references in the Final Terms to 
redemption with references to termination, 
references to interest with references to 
premium and references to maturity date 
with references to final termination date)] 
(ii) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(iii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, specify 
details of that Series, including the date on 
which the Notes become fungible) 
(iv) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series with 
[identify earlier Tranches] on []/[the Issue 
Date]] 
 
Settlement Currency or Currencies:22 
[Specify currency] 
 
22 For domestic issues whose settlement is made from an account located in France, payments with respect to the French Law 
Notes shall be made in euros (pursuant to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil).

--- Page 987 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
987 
 
[The Notes are Dual Currency Notes. 
"Settlement Currency" means: 
(a) 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination and the Calculation 
Amount 
(the 
"Denomination 
Currency"): [] 
(b) 
in respect of payments (the 
"Relevant Currency"): []] 
[Resultant figure(s) in Euro of amount(s) 
specified herein denominated in a currency 
other than Euro: 
(Relevant for certain issues of French Law 
Notes only, delete if not relevant) 
[The 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount, 
Specified Denomination and any other 
amount(s) specified herein have been 
translated into Euro at the exchange rate of 
[] [specify currency other than euro] 
equal to EUR1.00, producing a sum of: 
EUR []] 
[Method for translating into Euro any 
amount(s) denominated in a currency other 
than Euro payable under the Notes: 
(Relevant for certain issues of French Law 
Notes only, delete if not relevant and if 
payments to be made under the Notes are to 
be made in Euro) 
[The [specify relevant amount(s) specified 
herein denominated in a currency other 
than Euro] will be translated into Euro at 
the 
[specify 
currency 
other 
than 
Euro]/EUR 
exchange 
rate 
(spot/bid) 
prevailing at the date of settlement of such 
amount(s) at the time or times as the 
[Calculation 
Agent]/[Determination 
Agent] deems appropriate and the resultant 
figure will be rounded to the nearest euro 
0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded 
upwards)]] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[][Units (each Unit being [] in principal 
amount of the Notes)] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[][Units (each Unit being [] in principal 
amount of the Notes)] 
[The 
Notes 
are 
issued 
in 
Units. 
Accordingly, references herein to Units 
shall be deemed to be references to [] in 
principal amount of the Notes and all 
references in the Conditions to payments 
being made in respect of a Calculation 
Amount shall be construed to such 
payments being made in respect of a Unit]

--- Page 988 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
988 
 
 
(For fungible issues, specify the Aggregate 
Principal Amount / Number of Units in 
respect of each Tranche) 
 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date]] (insert for fungible issues, if 
applicable) [[] per Unit] [converted into 
the Relevant Currency at the Initial FX 
Rate, being [specify in Relevant Currency] 
in respect of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount. "Initial FX Rate" means []] 
 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Price 
in respect of each Tranche) 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[][Unit] 
(In the case of Registered Notes, this means 
the minimum integral amount in which 
transfers can be made) 
(The 
minimum 
Specified 
Denomination/principal 
amount 
represented by a Unit is EUR1,000) 
(In respect of Swedish Notes, Finnish 
Notes and French Law Notes, there shall be 
one denomination only) 
(N.B. A summary is required for Notes with 
a specified Denomination of less than 
EUR100,000) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[][Unit] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. If more than 
one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. N.B. There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations) 
 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Date 
in respect of each Tranche) 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/As set out in the table at paragraph 
(i) below/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(Where there is more than one interest 
basis then the Interest Commencement 
Date for each interest basis should be 
specified by inserting the Interest Basis 
Table at paragraph (i), the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1)

--- Page 989 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
989 
 
 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[Specify date][, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Modified]/[Preceding]/[Following] 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Interest 
Payment Date falling on or nearest to [
]][] [and extension in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Scheduled 
Maturity 
Date 
Extension)] 
(Only 
applicable if Note is a Credit-Linked Note 
and "2014 Reference Entity" applies) / [and 
extension in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date 
Extension)] (Only applicable if Note is a 
Credit-Linked Note and "2003 Reference 
Entity" applies) 
 
Type of Notes: 
[Subject as set out in paragraph (i) below,] 
[Fixed 
Rate 
Notes/Floating 
Rate 
Notes/Inflation Rate Notes/DIR Inflation 
Linked Notes [that are DIR Inflation 
Linked Interest Notes][and][in respect of 
which a DIR Linked Redemption Amount 
is 
applicable]/CMS 
Interest 
Linked 
Notes/Inverse Floating Rate Notes/Range 
Accrual 
Notes/Digital 
[Band] 
Notes/Spread 
Notes/Volatility 
Bond 
Notes/Synthetic 
Forward 
Rate 
Notes/Previous Coupon Linked Notes/and 
FX 
Performance 
Notes/and 
Reserve 
Coupon Notes/and Restructure Interest 
Rate Notes/and Global Interest Floor 
Notes/and Global Interest Cap Notes/and 
Auto Floor Notes/and Auto Cap Notes] 
[The Notes are also Lock-in Redemption 
Notes] [The Notes are also Rate Linked 
Redemption Notes] [The Notes are also 
Interest Linked Redemption Notes] [The 
Notes are also Redemption Reserve Notes] 
[The notes are Zero Coupon Notes and do 
not bear or pay any interest] [The Notes are 
Credit Linked Notes] [The Notes are [also] 
Dual Currency Notes] [The Notes are 
Instalment Notes] [As set out in the table at 
paragraph (i) below] 
(The Notes may be one or more of the types 
described above and as further set out 
below) 
 
Changes in interest basis and/or Multiple 
Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis 
and Lock-in Change of Interest Basis: 
[Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
Applicable[, as set out in the table below 
(Specify the Interest Commencement Date, 
Interest Period End Date(s) and/or Interest 
Payment Date(s) and Type of Notes by 
inserting the Interest Basis Table, the form

--- Page 990 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
990 
 
of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1)] 
(Insert for Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis) / 
[Lock-in 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis: 
Applicable - see paragraph 16 below] 
(Insert for Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis) / 
[Describe changes] / [Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, Interest Payment Date(s) 
should be the last day of an Interest Period) 
(ii) 
Multiple Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Multiple Interest Basis shall not apply for 
any Interest Period or Interest Payment 
Date to which the Previous Coupon Linked 
Notes provisions, FX Performance Notes 
provisions, 
Reserve 
Coupon 
Notes 
provisions, Global Interest Floor Notes 
provisions, Global Interest Cap Notes 
provisions, Restructure Interest Rate Notes 
provisions or Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis provisions apply) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(A) 
MIB 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or 
MIB 
Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[Specify relevant Interest Periods / Interest 
Payment Dates] [As specified in the table 
below (Specify whether Interest Period End 
Date(s) and/or Interest Payment Date(s) are 
MIB Interest Periods or MIB Interest 
Payment Dates by inserting the Interest 
Basis Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1)] 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call as specified in item 20(i) 
below] 
[Investor Put as specified in item 20(ii) 
below] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(ii) 
Status of the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee: 
[Senior][Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" for Notes issued 
by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL) 
(iii) 
Status of the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee: 
[Senior][Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" for Notes issued 
by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI)

--- Page 991 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
991 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES 
 
Underlying Linked Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable – the provisions in the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule apply 
(subject as provided in the relevant 
Underlying Schedule)][Not Applicable]  
(The 
following 
information 
may 
be 
tabulated if there is more than one 
Underlying)  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Underlying: 
[specify] 
(A) 
Description 
of 
Underlying(s): 
[Specify each Underlying, including any 
identification numbers, where relevant] 
(B) 
Classification: 
[Inflation Index (this applies for both 
Inflation Rate Notes and DIR Inflation 
Linked Notes)]/[Rate (this would normally 
only apply for Range Accrual Notes and 
Rate Linked Redemption Notes and can 
otherwise be deleted)] [FX Rate (EMTA 
Provisions: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]) 
(this applies only for Range Accrual Notes 
(where any Reference Obligation is an FX 
Rate), for FX Performance Notes (for 
which purpose any of FX Performance 
[1/2] is an FX Rate), for any Notes for 
which Lock-in Change of Interest Basis 
applies (for which purpose the Lock-in 
Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier 
is an FX Rate) and/or which are Lock-in 
Redemption Notes, for any Notes for which 
Mandatory Early Redemption is specified 
as applicable and the Rollerball MER 
Condition applies (for which purpose the 
Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation 
or 
Rollerball Barrier is an FX Rate), for Dual 
Currency Notes), for Digital Notes (where 
any Digital Reference Rate is an FX Rate) 
and for Digital Band Notes (where any 
Reference Rate is an FX Rate) (Note for 
Digital Band Notes, FX Rate should not be 
specified 
for 
Reference 
Rate 
One, 
Reference Rate Two, Band Rate, Band Rate 
One or Band Rate Two))] (Specify for each 
Underlying/Reference Entity) 
(In respect of a Rate, note that only interest 
rates which are published on an Electronic 
Page may be specified) 
(C) 
Electronic Page: 
[] (Specify for each Underlying/Reference 
Entity)

--- Page 992 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
992 
 
(ii) 
Particulars 
in 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying: 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable) 
Inflation Index/Indices: 
(Specify for each Inflation Index) 
(A) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable: The definition set out in 
Inflation Index Condition 1 (Definitions) 
shall apply/[specify]][Not Applicable] 
(B) 
Revision 
of 
level 
of 
Inflation Index: 
[Revision/No Revision] 
(NB: If neither "Revision" nor "No 
Revision" is specified, "No Revision" will 
be deemed to apply)] 
[Rate(s): 
(Specify for each Rate, and the following 
information may be tabulated if there is 
more than one Rate) 
(A) 
Valuation Time: 
[(specify)] 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[A Business Day][A day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in [] 
(specify each)] [A day on which T2 is open] 
[A U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day] 
(This would normally only apply for certain 
Range Accrual Notes and Rate Linked 
Redemption Notes and can otherwise be 
deleted) 
(C) 
Rate Linked Redemption 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable: The Rate Linked Redemption 
Amount shall be determined by reference to 
[specify Rate(s)] and for which purpose the 
Specified RL Valuation Date shall be []] 
[FX Rate where EMTA Provisions 
are Not Applicable: 
(Specify for each FX Rate and each 
Exchange Rate comprising such FX Rate) 
(A) 
FX Rate:  
"cross-rate/formula": 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[The FX Rate is [[the inverse of] []] / [the 
product of [] and []] / [the quotient of [
] (as numerator) and [] (as denominator)]] 
(delete or combine as applicable) 
(B) 
Exchange Rate: 
 
− 
Base Currency: 
[] 
− 
Quote Currency: 
[] 
− 
Valuation Time: 
[]

--- Page 993 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
993 
 
(C) 
[Event 
Currency 
/Currencies: 
[Specify if different to the FX Rate 
Conditions] 
 
(NB: 
only 
required 
if 
"General 
Inconvertibility", 
"General 
Non-
Transferability", "Material Change in 
Circumstances", 
"Nationalisation", 
"Specific Inconvertibility" or "Specific 
Non-Transferability" are specified as 
Currency Disruption Events below)] 
(D) 
Specified Financial Centres: 
[] 
(E) 
Dual 
Currency 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. The Dual Currency Exchange 
Rate is [specify FX Rate] and for which 
purpose the Specified DC Valuation 
Date(s) shall be [[]/[specify days] prior to 
(but excluding) each day on which payment 
is scheduled to be made under the Notes/As 
set out in the Dual Currency Note Table] 
(Specify each DC Valuation Date, if 
different, by inserting a Dual Currency 
Note Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1)] 
(F) 
Range Accrual Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Reference Observation [1/2/3] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX 
Rate]] (repeat as necessary) 
(G) 
FX Performance Notes: 
[Not Applicable]  
[[FX 
Performance 
[1/2] 
shall 
be 
determined by reference to [specify FX 
Rate]] (repeat as necessary)] 
(H) 
Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis 
determined 
by 
reference to an FX Rate: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. 
The 
[Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation [n]/ Lock-in Barrier [n]] shall 
be determined by reference to [specify FX 
Rate] and for which purpose the Specified 
Lock-in Determination Date(s) shall be 
[[]/As set out in the Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis Table] (Specify each Lock-in 
Determination Date, if different, by 
inserting a Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis Table the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) (repeat as necessary) 
Determination Date Valuation Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
[The Number of Postponement Days is 
[]]]

--- Page 994 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
994 
 
(I) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption determined by 
reference to an FX Rate: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. The [Rollerball Reference 
Observation/Rollerball Barrier] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX 
Rate] and for which purpose the Specified 
MER Determination Date(s) shall be 
[[]/As set out in the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Table] (Specify each Specified 
MER Determination Date, if different, by 
inserting a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Table the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) (repeat as necessary) 
Determination Date Valuation Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
[The Number of Postponement Days is 
[]]] 
(J) 
Digital Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Digital 
Reference 
Rate 
shall 
be 
determined by reference to [specify FX 
Rate]]  
(K) 
Digital Band Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Reference Rate shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]]  
[FX Rate where EMTA Provisions 
are Applicable:  
(Specify for each FX Rate and each 
Exchange Rate comprising such FX Rate) 
(A) 
FX Rate Source: 
[] 
(B) 
Valuation Time: 
(Specify in respect of the Primary Rate and 
any fallback rates) 
 
[] in respect of the Primary Rate 
 
[[] in respect of the First Fallback 
Reference Price] 
 
[[] in respect of the Second Fallback 
Reference Price] 
(C) 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
(D) 
Settlement Currency: 
[] 
(E) 
Reference 
Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(F) 
Settlement 
Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(G) 
Number 
of 
Settlement 
Business Days: 
[] [Settlement Currency Business Days]

--- Page 995 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
995 
 
(H) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement:  
[] consecutive calendar days 
(I) 
Dual 
Currency 
Note 
Provisions:  
[Not Applicable]  
[Applicable. The Dual Currency Exchange 
Rate is [specify FX Rate] and for which 
purpose the Specified DC Valuation 
Date(s) shall be [[]/[specify days] prior to 
(but excluding) each day on which payment 
is scheduled to be made under the Notes/As 
set out in the Dual Currency Note Table] 
(Specify each DC Valuation Date, if 
different, by inserting a Dual Currency 
Note Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
[The Number of Postponement Days is [
]]] 
(J) 
Range Accrual Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Reference Observation [1/2/3] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX 
Rate]] (repeat as necessary) 
(K) 
FX Performance Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[FX 
Performance 
[1/2] 
shall 
be 
determined by reference to [specify FX 
Rate]] (repeat as necessary) 
[The Number of Postponement Days is [
]]] 
(L) 
Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis 
determined 
by 
reference to an FX Rate: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. 
The 
[Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation [n]/ Lock-in Barrier [n]] shall 
be determined by reference to [specify FX 
Rate] and for which purpose the Specified 
Lock-in Determination Date(s) shall be 
[[]/As set out in the Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis Table] (Specify each Lock-in 
Determination Date, if different, by 
inserting a Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis Table the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) (repeat as necessary) 
Determination Date Valuation Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
[The Number of Postponement Days is 
[]]] 
(M) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption determined by 
reference to an FX Rate: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. The [Rollerball Reference 
Observation/Rollerball Barrier] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX

--- Page 996 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
996 
 
Rate] and for which purpose the Specified 
MER Determination Date(s) shall be 
[[]/As set out in the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Table] (Specify each Specified 
MER Determination Date, if different, by 
inserting a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Table the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) (repeat as necessary) 
Determination Date Valuation Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
[The Number of Postponement Days is 
[]]] 
(N) 
Digital Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Digital 
Reference 
Rate 
shall 
be 
determined by reference to [specify FX 
Rate]]  
(O) 
Digital Band Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Reference Rate shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]]  
(iii) 
Elections in respect of each type of 
Underlying: 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable) 
(the 
following 
information 
may 
be 
tabulated) 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
 
(A) 
Reference Month(s): 
[In respect of a Valuation Date [(specify)]] 
(B) 
Manifest 
Error 
Cut-off 
Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] 
Payment Date/specify] 
(NB: If no Manifest Error Cut-off Date is 
specified, the cut-off date will be 2 Business 
Days prior to any relevant Payment Date) 
(C) 
Revision Cut-off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] 
Payment Date/specify] 
(NB: If no Revision Cut-off Date is 
specified, the cut-off date will be 2 Business 
Days prior to any relevant Payment Date) 
[Rate/Rates: 
 
(A) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable[, for which purpose the 
Correction Period shall be []]/Not 
Applicable]] 
[FX Rate where EMTA Provisions 
are Not Applicable:

--- Page 997 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
997 
 
(A) 
Currency 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Governmental Authority Default] 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality – for which purpose: 
Primary Rate: [The FX Rate/[]] 
Secondary 
Rate: 
[The 
First 
Fallback Reference Rate [and the 
Second 
Fallback 
Reference 
Rate]]/[]] 
Price Materiality Percentage: [] 
per cent.] 
 
[Specific Inconvertibility] 
 
[Specific Non-Transferability] 
 
(Specify the Currency Disruption Events 
which apply (if any) and the related 
definitions) 
(B) 
Settlement Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA Provisions 
are Applicable: 
 
(A) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
[Price Materiality. For which purpose: 
Primary Rate: [The FX Rate/[]] 
Secondary 
Rate: 
[The 
First 
Fallback Reference Rate [and the 
Second 
Fallback 
Reference 
Rate]]/[]] 
Price Materiality Percentage: [[]] 
per cent.] 
 
(B) 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
The following Disruption Fallbacks apply 
in the following order: 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price. For the 
purposes of the related First Fallback 
Reference Rate: 
 
(i) 
First Fallback Reference Rate: [] 
 
(ii) 
First Fallback Rate Source: []

--- Page 998 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
998 
 
 
(iii) 
First Fallback Valuation Time: [
] 
 
(iv) 
First Fallback Electronic Page: [
]  
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price. For the 
purposes of the related Second Fallback 
Reference Rate: 
 
(i) 
Second Fallback Reference Rate: [
] 
 
(ii) 
Second Fallback Rate Source: [] 
 
(iii) 
Second Fallback Valuation Time: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Second Fallback Electronic Page: 
[]]  
 
[Calculation Agent Determination]] 
 
(Specify relevant fallbacks for each FX 
Rate and the order in which they apply) 
(C) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify for 
each FX Rate where different) 
(D) 
Settlement Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(iv) 
Underlying Valuation Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Valuation Disruption 
(Scheduled Trading Days): 
[Move In Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable] [The provisions of Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
1(c)(i) 
(Adjustments 
to 
Valuation 
Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days)) [apply/do not 
apply.] 
[Modified Following Scheduled Trading 
Day/Preceding Scheduled Trading Day] 
(Specify for a Rate only and where the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1(c) do not apply to that Rate) 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move In Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable] [The provisions of Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
1(d)(i) 
(Adjustments 
to 
Valuation 
Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing 
Levels)) apply]

--- Page 999 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
999 
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Valuation 
Roll will be equal to eight) 
(In the case of Range Accrual Notes, the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 6(f) (Range Accrual Notes – 
Interest Observation Date) will apply 
instead of this paragraph 13(iv)) 
(In the case of Notes for which Lock-in 
Change of Interest Basis applies, the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 21(d) (Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis – Lock-in Determination 
Date) will apply in respect of a Lock-in 
Determination 
Date 
instead 
of 
this 
paragraph 
13(iv) 
where 
"Preceding 
Determination" 
is 
specified 
as 
the 
Determination Date Valuation Method) 
(In the case of Notes for which Mandatory 
Early Redemption applies, the provisions of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
22(b)(iii) (Mandatory Early Redemption 
Events – MER Determination Date) will 
apply in respect of a MER Determination 
Date instead of this paragraph 13(iv) 
where 
"Preceding 
Determination" 
is 
specified as the Determination Date 
Valuation Method) 
(Include for Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis or Mandatory Early Redemption (in 
each 
case, 
where 
a 
relevant 
reference/barrier is an FX Rate) where 
"Succeeding Determination" is specified as 
the Determination Date Valuation Method) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST AMOUNTS 
(In the case of Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates, each reference below 
to "interest", "Interest Payment Date", "Interest Period" and "Interest Rate" (and related expressions) 
shall be changed to "premium", "Premium Payment Date", "Premium Period", "Premium Rate" and 
"Premium Underlying".) 
 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable[, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes)]/[Not 
Applicable – the Notes do not bear or pay 
interest] 
[Payment of interest is also subject to the 
"Provisions relating to Credit Linked 
Notes" as specified in item 18 below]  
[See item 18 below] (Specify for Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
and Local Access Basket Credit Linked

--- Page 1000 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1000 
 
Notes and delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
(A) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [– subject as provided in 
paragraph[s] 
[14(x)14(xvi)] 
[and] 
[14(xvii)] [below]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Fixed Interest 
Rate (Specify Fixed Interest Rate if Accrual 
is applicable)] 
Specified Fixed Rate[s]: 
[[] per cent. per annum] [As set out in the 
Rate Table] (Specify each Specified Fixed 
Rate if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) [Not Applicable] 
Interest Amount[s]: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the 
Interest Table] (Specify each Interest 
Amount if more than one by inserting an 
Interest Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) [As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii) 
(Accrual applicable to Fixed Rate Notes)] 
[, subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 3 (Dual Currency 
Notes)]   
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on][
]] [As set out in the Interest Table] (Specify 
each Broken Amount if more than one by 
inserting an Interest Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1)[, 
subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 3 (Dual Currency 
Notes)] [Not Applicable] 
Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions apply: 
[[] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [] to and including, []] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business 
Day Convention))]] [As set out in 
paragraph 14(ii)] 
[As set out in the Interest Table] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial 
Interest Basis Period] [the Changed Interest 
Basis Period beginning on (and including)

--- Page 1001 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1001 
 
the Lock-in Date [[]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][]]] 
(If more than one fixed interest amount 
and/or broken amount, specify Interest 
Payment Dates to which each fixed rate 
applies by inserting an Interest Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1)  
[EITHER: 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Not Applicable 
[OR: 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Applicable 
II. 
Range 
Accrual 
Note Provisions: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 14(ii)] [Not 
Applicable] 
III. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to 
and including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Specify each 
Interest Period End Date by inserting a 
Rate Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
IV. 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[30/360]  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond 
Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
V. 
Determination 
Dates: 
[[] in each year (Insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable] 
VI. 
Margin(s) (for the 
Specified 
Fixed 
Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per 
annum] [As set out in the Rate Table] 
(Specify each Margin if more than one by

--- Page 1002 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1002 
 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
VII. 
Interest 
Participation Rate 
(for the Specified 
Fixed Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] (Specify each Interest Participation 
Rate if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
(B) 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [– subject as provided in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] 
and] 
[14(xv)] 
[and] 
[14(xvi)] 
[and] 
[14(xvii) [below]]] Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
I. 
Specified 
Period(s)/ Interest 
Payment Date(s) to 
which the Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [[] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business 
Day Convention))]] [As set out in 
paragraph 
14(ii)] 
[Delayed 
Payment 
applies 
see 
paragraph 
14(i) 
[(VII/(IX)/(X)/(XI) 
below] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, Interest Payment Date(s) 
should be the last day of an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions only apply where the 
relevant Interest Period falls during the 
[Initial Interest Basis Period] [the Changed 
Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) 
the 
Lock-in 
Date  
[[]/immediately 
succeeding 
Lock-in 
Event [1][2][3][]]] 
II. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]] [(See General Condition 6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
[As set out in the [Reference Rate/Floating 
Rate] Table] (Specify each Interest Period 
End Date by inserting a Reference Rate 
Table 
or 
Floating 
Rate 
Table 
(as 
applicable), the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1)

--- Page 1003 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1003 
 
(Where ISDA Determination applies, the 
2021 
Definitions 
are 
specified 
and 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) is the Day Count 
Fraction, specify No Adjustment to follow 
the standard ISDA election) 
III. 
Manner in which 
the 
Floating 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA 
Determination / SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination / SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination / €STR Floating Rate 
Determination / SARON Floating Rate 
Determination] applies 
IV. 
Party 
responsible 
for calculating the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[] 
 
V. 
Range 
Accrual 
Note Provisions: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 14(ii)] [Not 
Applicable] 
VI. 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Insert currency] [EURIBOR / STIBOR / 
NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / 
HIBOR] [BBSW (being the Sydney 
average mid rate for AUD bills of 
exchange)] [BKBM (being the Wellington 
rate for New Zealand Dollar bills of 
exchange)] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
(Specify the Reference Rate (and other 
details of such Reference Rate) which 
applies to each Interest Period ending on 
an Interest Period End Date by inserting a 
Reference Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[[] 
month[s]] 
[(the 
"Designated 
Maturity") 
(Include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation is applicable)] [As set out in 
the Reference Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
 
Specified 
Time: 
[][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
5(h) 
(Definitions)] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
5(h) 
(Definitions)] 
[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 1004 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1004 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] Rate Determination is 
applicable: 
[[Specify e.g. any relevant Valuation 
Date(s)]/[(specify)] 
day 
on 
which 
commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in [(specify)] 
prior to the start of each Interest 
Period/First 
day 
of 
each 
Interest 
Period/[(specify)] day on which T2 is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] [As 
specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [As set out in 
the Reference Rate Table] 
 
Page: 
[][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
VII. 
ISDA 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions] [2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are 
Applicable, note that the Conditions have 
been reviewed in relation to Version 8 
dated 10 March 2023 of the 2021 
Definitions and the Floating Rate Matrix. If 
a later version is to be followed, the 
Conditions should be reviewed carefully to 
ensure compatibility with the relevant 
ISDA Rate before use) 
 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[][As set out in the Floating Rate Table] 
(Specify the Floating Rate Option (and other 
details of such Floating Rate Option) which 
applies to each Interest Period ending on 
an Interest Period End Date by inserting a 
Floating Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(Where 
the 
2021 
Definitions 
are 
Applicable, ensure this is a Floating Rate 
Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 Definitions)) 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[][As set out in the Floating Rate 
Table][Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is 
an Overnight Floating Rate Option) 
 
Reset Date: 
[][First day of the relevant Interest Period] 
[Last day of the relevant Interest Period] 
(Specify 
for 
a 
Compounded/Average 
Floating Rate Option, an Overnight

--- Page 1005 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1005 
 
Floating Rate Option which has an 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging 
Method or a Compounded Index Floating 
Rate option) [The first day of the next 
following Interest Period (other than the 
Final Interest Period, in which case, the 
Reset Date will be the [Scheduled] 
Maturity Date)/Arrears Setting] (Specify 
the first option if Arrears Setting applies 
under the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the 
second option under the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions) [As set out in the Floating Rate 
Table][subject to adjustment in accordance 
with 
the 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, 
insert the same Business Day Convention 
as for Interest Period End Dates unless "No 
Adjustment" applies to such dates, in which 
case delete the reference to Business Day 
Convention so that relevant ISDA fallbacks 
relating to Business Day Conventions will 
apply) 
 
Fixing Day: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] 
[Not Applicable] (Specify not applicable 
where the 2006 Definitions apply) 
 
Fixing Time: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 
Definitions] [Not Applicable] (Specify 
not applicable where the 2006 
Definitions apply) 
 
Payment Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(b)(i)(2)(a)/Not 
Applicable] [As set out in the Floating Rate 
Table] [] (specify any other adjustment 
that should apply) 
 
Period 
End 
Date/Terminat
ion 
Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][As set out in 
the Floating Rate Table]    
 
Business Day 
(for 
the 
purposes 
of 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions): 
[][As specified in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions][As set out in the Floating Rate 
Table] 
 
Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Floored [ISDA Rate]/[Interest Amount]: 
Applicable]/[Not Applicable][As set out in 
the Floating Rate Table]

--- Page 1006 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1006 
 
 
Compounding
/ Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][As set out in 
the Floating Rate Table] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method" or "Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method" is applicable.) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS Compounding/Compounding with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation 
Period 
Shift/Compounding 
with 
Lockout/Not Applicable] 
- 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not 
Applicable] 
- Lookback: 
[[] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Lookback or Averaging with Lookback) 
- Observation 
Period Shift: 
[[] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days] /[As specified in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify Not Applicable unless 
the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: []/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift) 
- Lockout: 
[[] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable 
only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: []/ 
[Applicable Business Days]] (Specify 
Applicable Business Days unless the 
standard 
position 
under 
the 
ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed)

--- Page 1007 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1007 
 
- 
[Average 
Rate 
Fixing 
Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest 
Period or in the case of the final Interest 
Period, the Termination Date]/[The day [] 
Applicable Business Days preceding the 
[Reset Date]/[first day of the next following 
Interest Period or in the case of the final 
Interest Period, the Termination Date]]] 
(Only include if the 2006 Definitions apply 
and the specified Floating Rate Option is a 
Published Average Rate)] 
- 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in 
the Floating Rate Table] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [[] 
Business Days][As specified in Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(h) 
(Definitions)]] 
-Daily Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in 
the Floating Rate Table] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the Daily Capped 
Rate and Daily Floored Rate prompts 
below) 
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%] 
-[Day 
Count 
Basis; 
[]] (Only relevant where an "Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method" applies or the 
"Index Provisions" are specified as 
Applicable. If not included this will be the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction) 
 
Index 
provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable][As set out in 
the Floating Rate Table] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating 
Rate Option and an Index Method.) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
-Index 
Method: 
[Standard Index Method (May only be 
selected if the 2021 Definitions are 
specified)/[All-in] 
Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions]]

--- Page 1008 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1008 
 
(Include the following only if using 
Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] (Not Applicable should be 
specified unless the standard position 
under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified 
in the [2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: []]] 
-[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the 
denominator of the Day Count Fraction) 
 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (Specify the Interest Period(s) 
to which this applies and the Shorter 
Designated Maturity and the Longer 
Designated Maturity)][Not Applicable][As 
set out in the Floating Rate Table] 
VIII. 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference 
Rate: 
[SONIA] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
Index 
Determination
: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Compounded 
Daily SONIA 
(Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in 
the Reference Rate Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
Compounded 
Daily SONIA 
(Lag): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in 
the Reference Rate Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
Page: 
[] [SONIAOSR=] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert where Index Determination does not 
apply: Fifth London Banking Day prior to 
the end of each Interest Period] [Insert 
where Index Determination applies: The 
day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant Final

--- Page 1009 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1009 
 
Interest Period End Date for which purpose 
"Relevant Number" means [insert number 
being two or greater]] [] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
IX. 
SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference 
Rate: 
[SOFR] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Not 
Applicable/SOFR 
OIS 
Compounding/SOFR Compounding with 
Lookback/SOFR 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(Specify not applicable where Index 
Determination is applicable) 
 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(Specify 
not 
applicable 
where 
the 
Compounding Method is SOFR OIS 
Compounding or Index Determination is 
applicable. N.B. must be at least two such 
relevant days to allow clearing system 
payments) 
 
Index 
Determination
: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in 
the Reference Rate Table] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – 
Non-Index Determination: Second U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date] [] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – 
Index Determination: The day falling the 
Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the 
relevant Final Interest Period End Date and 
"Relevant Number" means [insert number 
being two or greater]] [] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in 
the Reference Rate Table] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]

--- Page 1010 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1010 
 
(Applicable 
where 
SOFR 
OIS 
Compounding 
is 
the 
Compounding 
Method) 
 
Daily Capped 
Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[Not Applicable] 
X. 
€STR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Reference 
Rate: 
[€STR] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
Page: 
[] 
 
Compounding 
Method 
[€STR 
OIS 
Compounding/€STR 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback/€STR 
Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] T2 Business Days] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
(Specify 
not 
applicable 
where 
the 
Compounding Method is €STR OIS 
Compounding. N.B. must be at least two 
such relevant days to allow clearing system 
payments) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] (Applicable 
only where €STR OIS Compounding is the 
Compounding Method) 
 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in 
the Reference Rate Table] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [[] T2 
Business Days] [As specified in Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(h) 
(Definitions)] 
€STR Reference Rate Cut-Off Date: [] 
[2] T2 Business Days] 
(Applicable where €STR OIS Compounding 
is the Compounding Method) 
 
Daily Capped 
Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1011 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1011 
 
 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[Not Applicable] 
XI. 
SARON Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Reference 
Rate: 
[SARON] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
Page: 
[] 
 
Compounding 
Method 
[SARON OIS Compounding/ SARON 
Compounding with Lookback/ SARON 
Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] Zurich Banking 
Days] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
(Specify 
not 
applicable 
where 
the 
Compounding Method is SARON OIS 
Compounding. N.B. must be at least two 
such relevant days to allow clearing system 
payments) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table]  
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] (Applicable 
only where SARON OIS Compounding is 
the Compounding Method) 
 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in 
the Reference Rate Table] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [[] 
Zurich Banking Days] [As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) 
(Definitions)] 
SARON Reference Rate Cut-Off Date: [] 
[2] Zurich Banking Days] 
(Applicable 
where 
SARON 
OIS 
Compounding 
is 
the 
Compounding 
Method) 
 
Daily Capped 
Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1012 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1012 
 
XII. 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest 
Rate for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (Specify for each short or 
long interest period)] 
XIII. 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable in respect of 
the [Screen Rate]/[ISDA Rate]/[SONIA 
Floating Rate]/[SONIA Index Floating 
Rate]/[SOFR  Floating Rate]/[SOFR Index 
Floating 
Rate]/[€STR 
Floating 
Rate]/[SARON Floating Rate][+/-][] per 
cent. per annum]  
(Specify each Margin if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
XIV. 
Minimum Interest 
Rate (for Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[] [See paragraph 14(ii)] (Insert for 
Range Accrual Notes) [As set out in the 
Rates Table] [Not Applicable]  
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period 
if 
different 
by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1)) 
XV. 
Maximum Interest 
Rate (for Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[] [See paragraph 14(ii)] (Insert for 
Range Accrual Notes) [As set out in the 
Rates Table] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period 
if 
different 
by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
XVI. 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360]  
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis]  
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis]  
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[1/1] 
 
[Calculation/252] 
 
[RBA Bond Basis] (May be selected only if 
the 2021 Definitions are specified) 
 
(See Valuation and Settlement Condition 
5(h) (Definitions) for alternatives  and,

--- Page 1013 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1013 
 
where applicable, match Day Count 
Fraction set out in the ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate 
Matrix) 
XVII. 
Determination 
Dates: 
[[] in each year (Insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable] 
XVIII. Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[Applicable in respect of the [Screen 
Rate]/[ISDA 
Rate]/[SONIA 
Floating 
Rate]/[SONIA 
Index 
Floating 
Rate]/[SOFR  Floating Rate]/[SOFR Index 
Floating 
Rate]/[€STR 
Floating 
Rate]/[SARON Floating Rate] []]/[As set 
out in the Rate Table]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify each Interest Participation Rate if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
(C) 
Inflation 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [– subject as provided in 
paragraph[s] [14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] 
[14(xiv)] [and] [14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] 
[below]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) to which 
the Inflation Rate 
Note 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, Interest Payment Date(s) 
should be the last day of an Interest Period) 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Specify each 
Interest Payment Date by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Inflation Rate 
Note Provisions only apply to the Interest 
Payment Date(s) where the related Interest 
Period falls during the [Initial Interest Basis 
Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in

--- Page 1014 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1014 
 
Date [[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-
in Event [1][2][3][]]] 
II. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))]] [Not Applicable] 
III. 
Interest 
Amount 
Inflation Index: 
[specify Underlying] 
IV. 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per 
annum] (Specify each Margin if different 
for each Interest Payment Date by 
tabulating this information in a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
V. 
UCL 
Relevant 
Months Prior: 
[specify] months 
VI. 
UCL 12 + Relevant 
Months Prior: 
[(specify] months 
VII. 
DCF: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[1/1] 
VIII. 
Interest 
Participation Rate 
(IPR): 
[] [As set out in the Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if different for each 
Interest Payment Date by tabulating this 
information in a Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
IX. 
Minimum Interest 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in 
the Rate Table] [Not Applicable] (Specify 
each Minimum Interest Amount if different 
for each Interest Payment Date by 
tabulating this information in a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, specify 'Not Applicable') 
X. 
Maximum Interest 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in 
the Rate Table] [Not Applicable] (Specify 
each Maximum Interest Amount if different

--- Page 1015 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1015 
 
for each Interest Payment Date by 
tabulating this information in a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
(D) 
DIR 
Inflation 
Linked 
Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [– subject as provided in 
paragraph[s] [14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] 
[14(xiv)] [and] [14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] 
[below]] / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) to which 
the DIR Inflation 
Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, Interest Payment Date(s) 
should be the last day of an Interest Period) 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Specify each 
Interest Payment Date by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
[PROVIDED THAT the DIR Inflation 
Linked Interest Note Provisions only apply 
to the Interest Payment Date(s) where the 
related Interest Period falls during the 
[Initial Interest Basis Period] [the Changed 
Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) 
the 
Lock-in 
Date 
[[]/ 
immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
II. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))]] [Not Applicable] 
III. 
DIR Index: 
[Specify Underlying] 
IV. 
Base Index Figure: 
[] 
V. 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable / [+1-] [] per amount per 
annum] [As set out in the Rate Table] 
(Specify each Margin if different for each 
Interest Payment Date by tabulating this

--- Page 1016 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1016 
 
information in a Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
VI. 
Index Month A: 
[Specify number of calendar months] 
calendar months 
VII. 
Index Month B: 
[Specify number of calendar months] 
calendar months 
VIII. 
DCF: 
[30/360] 
 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[1/1] 
IX. 
Interest 
Participation Rate 
(IPR): 
[] [As set out in the Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if different for each 
Interest Payment Date by tabulating this 
information in a Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
X. 
Minimum Interest 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in 
the Rate Table] [Not Applicable] (Specify 
each Minimum Interest Amount if different 
for each Interest Payment Date by 
tabulating this information in a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, specify 'Not Applicable') 
XI. 
Maximum Interest 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in 
the Rate Table] [Not Applicable] (Specify 
each Maximum Interest Amount if different 
for each Interest Payment Date by 
tabulating this information in a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
(E) 
CMS Interest Linked Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [- subject as provided in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] 
[and] [14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] 
[14(xvii)] [below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1017 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1017 
 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) to which 
the CMS Interest 
Linked 
Note 
Provisions apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [[] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))]] [As set out in paragraph 
14(ii)] 
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, Interest Payment Date(s) 
should be the last day of an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the CMS Interest 
Linked Note Provisions only apply where 
the relevant Interest Period falls during the 
[Initial Interest Basis Period] [the Changed 
Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) 
the 
Lock-in 
Date 
[[]/ 
immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
II. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] 
(specify each Interest Period End Date by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
III. 
Party 
responsible 
for calculating the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent]/[] 
IV. 
Range 
Accrual 
Note Provisions: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 14(ii)] [Not 
Applicable] 
V. 
CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
["CMS 
Reference 
Rate [1]"] (If CMS 
Interest 
Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest Rates" or 
"CMS 
Spread 
Interest Rate", insert 
heading 
"CMS 
Reference Rate 1") 
["CMS Reference 
Rate 2"] (If CMS 
Interest 
Rate 
is 
"Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates" or 
"CMS 
Spread 
Interest 
Rate", 
insert this column)

--- Page 1018 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1018 
 
 
Relevant 
Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/JPY 
10:00/JPY 
15:00/USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/JPY 
10:00/JPY 
15:00/USD 
SOFR/Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[] 
[month[s]/year[s]] 
[] 
[month[s]/year[s]] 
 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] 
(Insert 
if 
Relevant Swap 
Rate is Mid-
Market Swap 
Rate) 
[] [As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(h) 
(Definitions)] 
[] [As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(h) 
(Definitions)] 
 
Relevant 
Time: 
[] 
[] 
 
Reference 
Currency: 
[] 
[] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate Determination 
is applicable: []]/[
] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []]/[] 
 
Page: 
[] 
[] 
 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rate (for CMS 
Reference 
Rate): 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period 
if 
different 
by 
inserting 
a 
Rate 
Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
[] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify for each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different 
by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of 
which 
is 
in 
Drafting 
Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate (for CMS 
Reference 
Rate): 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period 
if 
different 
by 
inserting 
a 
Rate 
Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
[] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify for each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different 
by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of 
which 
is 
in 
Drafting 
Notes 
Schedule 1) 
VI. 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest 
Rate for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear

--- Page 1019 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1019 
 
Interpolation (Specify for each short or 
long interest period)] 
VII. 
Margin 
[1] 
(for 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per 
annum] [As set out in the Rate Table] 
(Specify each Margin [1] if more than one 
by inserting a Rate Table, the form of which 
is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest 
Rate", 
insert 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph) 
[Margin 
2 
(for 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per 
annum] [As set out in the Rate Table] 
(Specify each Margin 2 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
VIII. 
Minimum Interest 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[][See paragraph 14(ii)] (Insert for Range 
Accrual Notes) [As set out in the Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period 
if 
different 
by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
IX. 
Maximum Interest 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[][See paragraph 14(ii)] (insert for Range 
Accrual Notes) [As set out in the Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period 
if 
different 
by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
X. 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]  
 
[Actual/360]  
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis]  
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis]  
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
XI. 
Determination 
Dates:  
[[] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1020 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1020 
 
XII. 
Interest 
Participation Rate 
[1] 
(for 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate 
[1]): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify each Interest Participation Rate 
[1] if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest 
Rate", 
insert 
the 
following 
sub-
paragraph XIII) 
XIII. 
Interest 
Participation Rate 
2 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate 2): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 
if more than one by inserting a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
(ii) 
Range Accrual Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [– subject as provided in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] 
[and] [14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] 
[14(xvii)] [below]]] /Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or 
Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which the Range Accrual 
Note Provisions apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the 
period from, and including, [] to, but 
excluding, [][, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes),] [[] 
[in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [] to and including, []] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business 
Day Convention))]] 
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, Interest Payment Date(s) 
should be the last day of an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Range Accrual 
Note Provisions only apply where the 
relevant Interest Period falls during the 
[Initial Interest Basis Period] [the Changed 
Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) 
the 
Lock-in 
Date 
[[]/ 
immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[Fixed Interest Rate: see paragraph 14(i) 
above/Floating Interest Rate: see paragraph 
14(i)(B) above/CMS Interest Rate: see 
paragraph 
14(i)(E) 
above/Synthetic 
Forward Interest Rate: see paragraph 
14(viii) below]

--- Page 1021 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1021 
 
(Specify each rate of interest if more than 
one by inserting a Range Accrual Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
(C) 
Single 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(F) 
Reference Observation [1] 
(Insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" if Dual 
Reference Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is applicable): 
[Specify what the Reference Observation 
will be from the options set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 6 (Range Accrual 
Notes)] 
[If applicable specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where there is more 
than one Reference Rate, whether the 
Barrier is different for each Reference Rate 
for each relevant interest period.] 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the 
[Rate[s]/FX Rate]]  
[If Dual Reference Observation is specified 
to be applicable, specify what the 
Reference Observation will be for each of 
Reference Observation 1 and Reference 
Observation 2 
below 
and 
if 
Triple 
Reference Observation is specified to be 
applicable, specify what the Reference 
Observation will be for each of Reference 
Observation 1, Reference Observation 2 
and Reference Observation 3 below] 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If 
Reference 
Observation 
(or 
if 
Dual 
Reference Observation or Triple Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable, 
Reference 
Observation 1) is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Schedule which contains 
the Reference Observation Table) 
Barrier [1] (Insert "Barrier 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation 
or 
Triple 
Reference Observation is 
applicable): 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1, and where there is more than one 
Reference Rate, whether the Barrier [1] is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not 
Applicable] 
Barrier Reference: 
[Greater than the Barrier [1]/Greater than or 
equal to the Barrier [1]/Less than the 
Barrier [1]/Less than or equal to the Barrier 
[1]] (Insert "Barrier 1" if Dual Reference

--- Page 1022 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1022 
 
Observation 
is 
applicable) 
[Not 
Applicable] 
Lower Range [1] (Insert 
"Lower Range 1" if Dual 
Reference Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is applicable): 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1] [Not Applicable] 
Lower Range [1] Option 
(Insert "Lower Range 1 
Option" if Dual Reference 
Observation 
or 
Triple 
Reference Observation is 
applicable): 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the 
Lower Range [1]] [Not Applicable] 
Upper Range [1] (Insert 
"Upper Range 1" if Dual 
Reference Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is applicable): 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1] [Not Applicable] 
Upper Range [1] Option 
(Insert "Upper Range 1 
Option" if Dual Reference 
Observation 
or 
Triple 
Reference Observation is 
applicable): 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper 
Range [1]] [Not Applicable] 
Reference Rate [One(s)] 
(for Reference Observation 
[1]): 
(Insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" if Dual 
Reference Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is applicable) 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate/Floating 
Interest 
Rate/CMS Interest Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant 
Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference Rate: see paragraph 14(vi)] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference 
Rate [One(s)], including any Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a 
Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate 
or CMS Interest Rate, insert the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. 
If there is more than one Reference Rate 
[One(s)], repeat this paragraph for each 
Reference Rate [One(s)])  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If 
Reference Rate [One(s)] is different for 
each Interest Period, insert the Schedule 
which contains the Reference Observation 
Table)

--- Page 1023 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1023 
 
[Reference Rate Two(s) (for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]):] (Insert if applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest 
Rate/CMS Interest Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant 
Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference Rate: see paragraph 14(vi)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 
Two by repeating sub-paragraphs of the 
paragraph above for Reference Rate Two, 
including any Margin, Interest Participation 
Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or 
any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate Two, repeat 
this paragraph for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If 
Reference Rate Two(s) is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Schedule which 
contains the Reference Observation Table)] 
(Insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Dual Reference Observation" or "Triple 
Reference Observation" is applicable) 
(G) 
[Reference Observation 2: 
[Specify what the Reference Observation 2 
will be from the options set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 6 (Range Accrual 
Notes)]  
[If applicable, and specify details of the or 
each Reference Rate and where more than 
one Reference Rate whether the Barrier is 
different for each Reference Rate for each 
relevant interest period] 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the 
[Rate[s]/FX Rate]] 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If 
Reference Observation 2 is different for 
each Interest Period, insert the Schedule 
which contains the Reference Observation 
Table) 
[Barrier 2:] (Insert if Barrier 
1 is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1, and where there is more than one 
Reference Rate, whether the Barrier 2 is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Barrier Reference:] (Insert 
if Barrier 2 is specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 2/Greater than or 
equal to the Barrier 2/Less than the Barrier 
2/Less than or equal to the Barrier 2]  
[Lower Range 2:] (Insert if 
Lower Range 1 is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the

--- Page 1024 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1024 
 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1] [Not Applicable] 
[Lower Range 2 Option:] 
(Insert if Lower Range 2 is 
specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the 
Lower Range 2] [Not Applicable] 
[Upper Range 2:] (Insert if 
Upper Range 1 is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1] [Not Applicable] 
[Upper Range 2 Option:] 
(Insert if Upper Range 2 is 
specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper 
Range 2] [Not Applicable] 
Reference Rate [One(s)] 
(for Reference Observation 
2): 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate/Floating 
Interest 
Rate/CMS Interest Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant 
Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference Rate: see paragraph 14(vi)] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference 
Rate [One(s)], including any Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a 
Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate 
or CMS Interest Rate, insert the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. 
If there is more than one Reference Rate 
[One(s)], repeat this paragraph for each 
Reference Rate [One(s)])  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If 
Reference Rate [One(s)] is different for 
each Interest Period, insert the Schedule 
which contains the Reference Observation 
Table) 
[Reference Rate Two(s) (for 
Reference Observation 2):] 
(Insert if applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest 
Rate/CMS Interest Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant 
Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference Rate: see paragraph 14(vi))] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference 
Rate Two by repeating sub-paragraphs of 
the paragraph above for Reference Rate 
Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If there is more than one 
Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If 
Reference Rate Two(s) is different for each

--- Page 1025 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1025 
 
Interest Period, insert the Schedule which 
contains the Reference Observation Table)] 
(Insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Triple Reference Observation" is 
applicable) 
(H) 
[Reference Observation 3: 
[Specify what the Reference Observation 3 
will be from the options set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 6 (Range Accrual 
Notes)]  
[If applicable specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one 
Reference Rate whether the Barrier is 
different for each Reference Rate for each 
relevant interest period] 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the 
[Rate[s]/FX Rate]] 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If 
Reference Observation 3 is different for 
each Interest Period, insert the Schedule 
which contains the Reference Observation 
Table) 
[Barrier 3:] (Insert if Barrier 
1 is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1, and where there is more than one 
Reference Rate, whether the Barrier 3 is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Barrier Reference:] (Insert 
if Barrier 3 is specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 3/Greater than or 
equal to the Barrier 3/Less than the Barrier 
3/Less than or equal to the Barrier 3]  
[Lower Range 3:] (Insert if 
Lower Range 1 is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1] [Not Applicable] 
[Lower Range 3 Option:] 
(Insert if Lower Range 3 is 
specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the 
Lower Range 3] [Not Applicable] 
[Upper Range 3:] (Insert if 
Upper Range 1 is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1] [Not Applicable] 
[Upper Range 3 Option:] 
(Insert if Upper Range 3 is 
specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper 
Range 3] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1026 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1026 
 
Reference Rate [One(s)] 
(for Reference Observation 
3): 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate/Floating 
Interest 
Rate/CMS Interest Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant 
Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference Rate: see paragraph 14(vi)] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference 
Rate [One(s)], including any Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a 
Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate 
or CMS Interest Rate, insert the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. 
If there is more than one Reference Rate 
[One(s)], repeat this paragraph for each 
Reference Rate [One(s)])  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If 
Reference Rate [One(s)] is different for 
each Interest Period, insert the Schedule 
which contains the Reference Observation 
Table) 
[Reference Rate Two(s) (for 
Reference Observation 3):] 
(Insert if applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest 
Rate/CMS Interest Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant 
Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference Rate: see paragraph 14(vi)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference 
Rate Two by repeating sub-paragraphs of 
the paragraph above for Reference Rate 
Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If there is more than one 
Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If 
Reference Rate Two(s) is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Schedule which 
contains the Reference Observation Table)] 
(I) 
Lev: 
[[]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual 
Table] (Specify for each relevant Interest 
Period by inserting the Range Accrual 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) [Not Applicable] 
(J) 
Adj: 
[[]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual 
Table] (Specify for each relevant Interest 
Period by inserting the Range Accrual 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) [Not Applicable] 
(K) 
RA Cap: 
[[]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual 
Table] (Specify for each relevant Interest 
Period by inserting the Range Accrual

--- Page 1027 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1027 
 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) [Not Applicable] 
(L) 
RA Floor: 
[[]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual 
Table] (Specify for each relevant Interest 
Period by inserting the Range Accrual 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) [Not Applicable] 
(M) 
Protected Range Accrual 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Protection Level: [[]%] [As set out in the 
Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
relevant Interest Period 
by inserting the Range 
Accrual Table, the form 
of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1)] 
(N) 
Accrual Days: 
[calendar days/Business Days] 
(O) 
Accrual 
Business 
Day 
Centre: 
[] [Not Applicable] (N.B. this relates to 
the definition of "Accrual Business Day", 
specify this if the Specified Accrual Cut-Off 
Date is a specified number of Accrual 
Business Days. This is not applicable if 
the Accrual Cut-Off Date is the Default 
Accrual Cut-Off Date) 
(P) 
Accrual Cut-Off Date: 
[Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date] [Default 
Accrual Cut-Off Date] 
(The "Accrual Cut-Off Date" is the 
specified number of calendar days or 
Accrual Business Days preceding the last 
day of the relevant Interest Period 
(Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date) and shall 
be five Accrual Days if "Default Accrual 
Cut-Off Date" is specified) 
− 
Specified Accrual 
Cut-Off Date: 
[] [calendar day/Accrual Business Day] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Q) 
Any or All: 
[Any][All][Not Applicable] 
(Include where the Reference Observation 
is a basket of two or more Reference Rates) 
(R) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [14(i)(B)/14(i)(E) above] 
[Not Applicable] 
(S) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [14(i)(B)/14(i)(E) above] 
[Not Applicable] 
(T) 
Minimum Interest Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in 
the Rate Table] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1028 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1028 
 
(If there is more than one Minimum Interest 
Amount for different Interest Periods, this 
information may be set out in a "Rate 
Table") 
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, specify 'Not Applicable') 
(U) 
Maximum Interest Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in 
the Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Maximum 
Interest Amount for different Interest 
Periods, this information may be set out in 
a "Rate Table") 
(iii) 
Digital Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [– subject as provided in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] 
[and] [14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] 
[14(xvii)] [below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or 
Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which the Digital Note 
Provisions apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, Interest Payment Date(s) 
should be the last day of an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Digital Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial 
Interest Basis Period] [the Changed Interest 
Basis Period beginning on (and including) 
the Lock-in Date [[]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]] [(See General Condition 6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
(C) 
Back Up Rate: 
[] 
 
[Include details of whether the Back Up 
Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii)

--- Page 1029 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1029 
 
Floating Interest Rate, and whether Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
or 
ISDA 
Determination applies, or (iii) CMS 
Interest Rate, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, 
Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate (by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required), in all cases this would include 
being determined by reference to the 
Spread Note Provisions as appropriate] 
(D) 
Digital Reference Rate: 
[] 
 
[Include details of whether the Digital 
Reference Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate 
or (ii) Floating Interest Rate, and whether 
Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies, or (iii) CMS 
Interest Rate or (iv) FX Rate, and in all 
cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate (by inserting the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, 
as 
required), in all cases this would include 
being determined by reference to the 
Spread note Provisions as appropriate] 
[Where the Digital Reference Rate is an FX 
Rate: See paragraph 13 for details of the FX 
Rate] 
(E) 
Reserve Rate: 
[] 
 
[Include details of whether the Reserve 
Rate will be the sum of more than one rate 
(each a "Specified Rate") or one rate less 
another rate (each a "Specified Rate") and 
whether the Reserve Rate or each Specified 
Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) 
Floating Interest Rate, and whether Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
or 
ISDA 
Determination applies, or (iii) CMS 
Interest Rate, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, 
Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate (by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required), in all cases this would include

--- Page 1030 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1030 
 
being determined by reference to the 
Spread Note Provisions as appropriate] 
(F) 
Digital Rate: 
[] 
 
[Include details of whether the Digital Rate 
is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating 
Interest Rate, and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies, or (iii) CMS Interest Rate, and in 
all cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate (by inserting the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, 
as 
required), in all cases this would include 
being determined by reference to the 
Spread Note Provisions as appropriate] 
(G) 
Reserve Rate Reference: 
[Greater than the Reserve Rate/Greater 
than or equal to the Reserve Rate/Less than 
the Reserve Rate/Less than or equal to the 
Reserve Rate] 
(H) 
Minimum Interest Rate (for 
the Digital Interest Rate): 
[][Not Applicable] 
(I) 
Maximum Interest Rate (for 
the Digital Interest Rate): 
[][Not Applicable] 
(J) 
Digital Determination Date: 
[] 
(K) 
[Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s):] (insert if required) 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))][As set out in the Rate Table] 
(Interest Period End Date(s) may be set out 
in a "Rate Table" if required) 
(L) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1]

--- Page 1031 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1031 
 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
[Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
(iv) 
Digital Band Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [– subject as provided in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] 
[and] [14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] 
[14(xvii)] [below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or 
Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which the Digital Band Note 
Provisions apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))]] 
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, Interest Payment Date(s) 
should be the last day of an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Digital Band Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial 
Interest Basis Period] [the Changed Interest 
Basis Period beginning on (and including) 
the Lock-in Date [[]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]] [(See General Condition 6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
(C) 
Reference Rate Only or 
Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two: 
[Reference Rate Only/Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two] applicable 
(D) 
[Reference Rate:] 
[] 
(Where there are different Reference 
Rate(s) for different Interest Periods and/or 
Interest Payment Dates, specify in relation 
to each Reference Rate(s), the Interest

--- Page 1032 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1032 
 
Period(s) and/or Interest Payment Dates, 
to which it applies) 
[Include details of the or each Reference 
Rate, as applicable, and whether the 
Reference Rate is a (a) Floating Interest 
Rate, 
and 
whether 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies, or (b) CMS Interest Rate or (c) FX 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all 
other relevant terms e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate by inserting the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
[Where the Reference Rate is an FX Rate: 
See paragraph 13 for details of the FX Rate] 
[Reference Rate One:] 
[] 
(Where there are different Reference Rate 
Ones for different Interest Periods and/or 
Interest Payment Dates, specify in relation 
to each Reference Rate One, the Interest 
Period(s) and/or Interest Payment Dates, 
to which it applies) 
[Include details of the or each Reference 
Rate One, as applicable, and whether 
Reference Rate One is a (a) Floating 
Interest Rate, and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies, or (b) CMS Interest Rate, and in all 
cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
[Reference Rate Two:] 
[] 
(Where there are different Reference Rate 
Twos, for different Interest Periods and/or 
Interest Payment Dates specify in relation 
to each Reference Rate Two, the Interest 
Period(s) and/or Interest Payment Dates, 
to which it applies) 
[Include details of the or each Reference 
Rate Two, as applicable, and whether 
Reference Rate Two is a (a) Floating 
Interest Rate, and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies, or (b) CMS Interest Rate, and in all

--- Page 1033 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1033 
 
cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
(E) 
Bands: 
(Where there are different Bands for 
different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates, specify in relation to each 
Band the Interest Period and/or Interest 
Payment Dates to which it applies) 
 
(i) 
Band 1: [The Reference Rate] 
[Reference 
Rate 
One 
minus 
Reference Rate Two] is [less than] 
[less than or equal to] [] [per 
cent.]; 
(ii) 
Band 2: [The Reference Rate] 
[Reference 
Rate 
One 
minus 
Reference Rate Two] is [greater 
than][greater than or equal to] [] 
but [less than] [less than or equal 
to] [] [per cent.]; 
[(iii) 
(only 
include 
Band 
3 
if 
applicable): [The Reference Rate] 
[Reference 
Rate 
One 
minus 
Reference Rate Two] is [greater 
than][greater than or equal to] [] 
[but] [less than] [less than or equal 
to] [] [per cent.];] 
(if there are additional bands 
occurring after band 3 but before 
the last occurring band which 
shall be as described below repeat 
(iii) above for such additional 
bands but with the relevant band 
levels) 
[[] 
Band [] (to be numerically 
labelled as the last band so if four 
bands in total this would be "Band 
4") 
[The 
Reference 
Rate] 
[Reference 
Rate 
One 
minus 
Reference Rate Two] is [greater 
than] [greater than or equal to] [] 
[per cent.] 
(F) 
I. 
Band 
Rate 
in 
relation to Band 1: 
(Where there are different Band Rates for 
different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates, specify in relation to each 
Band Rate the Interest Periods and/or 
Interest Payment Dates to which it applies)

--- Page 1034 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1034 
 
[Include details of the Band Rate for Band 
1 and whether the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 1 is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) 
Floating Interest Rate, and whether Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
or 
ISDA 
Determination applies or (iii) CMS Interest 
Rate, or (iv) to be Band Rate One minus 
Band Rate Two, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, 
Margin in relation to Band 1, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
[Band Rate One:] 
[] 
 
[Include details of Band Rate One in 
relation to Band 1 and whether Band Rate 
One in relation to Band 1 is a (a) Floating 
Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, and in all 
cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required] 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in 
relation to Band 1 is determined pursuant 
to paragraph (iv) of "Band Rate in relation 
to Band 1" above") 
[Band Rate Two:] 
[] 
 
[Include details of Band Rate Two in 
relation to Band 1 and whether Band Rate 
Two in relation to Band 1 is a (a) Floating 
Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, and in all 
cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required] 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in 
relation to Band 1 is determined pursuant

--- Page 1035 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1035 
 
to paragraph (iv) of "Band Rate in relation 
to Band 1" above") 
II. 
Band 
Rate 
in 
relation to Band 2: 
[] 
[Include details of the Band Rate for Band 
2 and whether the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 2 is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) 
Floating Interest Rate, and whether Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
or 
ISDA 
Determination applies or (iii) CMS Interest 
Rate, or (iv) to be Band Rate One minus 
Band Rate Two, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, 
Margin in relation to Band 2, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
[Band Rate One:] 
[] 
 
[Include details of Band Rate One in 
relation to Band 2 and whether Band Rate 
One in relation to Band 2 is a (a) Floating 
Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, and in all 
cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required] 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in 
relation to Band 2 is determined pursuant 
to paragraph (iv) of "Band Rate in relation 
to Band 2" above") 
[Band Rate Two:] 
[] 
[Include details of Band Rate Two in 
relation to Band 2 and whether Band Rate 
Two in relation to Band 2 is a (a) Floating 
Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, and in all 
cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required]

--- Page 1036 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1036 
 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in 
relation to Band 2 is determined pursuant 
to paragraph (iv) of "Band Rate in relation 
to Band 2" above") 
III. 
[Band 
Rate 
in 
relation to Band 3 
(only 
include 
if 
applicable): 
[] 
[Include details of the Band Rate for Band 
3 and whether the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 3 is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) 
Floating Interest Rate, and whether Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
or 
ISDA 
Determination applies or (iii) CMS Interest 
Rate, or (iv) to be Band Rate One minus 
Band Rate Two, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, 
Margin in relation to Band 3, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
[Band Rate One:] 
[] 
[Include details of Band Rate One in 
relation to Band 3 and whether Band Rate 
One in relation to Band 3 is a (a) Floating 
Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, and in all 
cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required] 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in 
relation to Band 3 is determined pursuant 
to paragraph (iv) of "Band Rate in relation 
to Band 3" above") 
[Band Rate Two:] 
[] 
[Include details of Band Rate Two in 
relation to Band 3 and whether Band Rate 
Two in relation to Band 3 is a (a) Floating 
Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, and in all 
cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
e.g. any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate, 
by inserting the details set out in Drafting

--- Page 1037 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1037 
 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in 
relation to Band 3 is determined pursuant 
to paragraph (iv) of "Band Rate in relation 
to Band 3" above") 
(If there are additional band rates 
occurring after the band rate in relation to 
band 3 but before the last occurring band 
rate which shall be as described below, 
repeat (D) above for all such additional 
band rates but with all the relevant band 
rate details)] 
IV. 
Band 
Rate 
in 
relation to Band [
]: 
[] 
[Include details of the Band Rate for the 
last Band and whether the Band Rate in 
relation to the last Band is a (i) Fixed 
Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest Rate, 
and whether Screen Rate Determination or 
ISDA Determination applies or (iii) CMS 
Interest Rate, or (iv) to be Band Rate One 
minus Band Rate Two, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms 
e.g. any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin in relation to the last Band, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required] 
[Band Rate One:] 
[] 
 
[Include details of Band Rate One in 
relation to the last Band and whether Band 
Rate One in relation to the last Band is a 
(a) Floating Interest Rate and whether 
Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all 
other relevant terms e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required] 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in 
relation to the last Band is determined 
pursuant to paragraph (iv) of "Band Rate 
in relation to Band []" above")

--- Page 1038 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1038 
 
[Band Rate Two:] 
[] 
 
[Include details of Band Rate Two in 
relation to the last Band and whether Band 
Rate Two in relation to the last Band is a 
(a) Floating Interest Rate and whether 
Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all 
other relevant terms e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required] 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in 
relation to the last Band is determined 
pursuant to paragraph (iv) of "Band Rate 
in relation to Band []" above")] 
(If there are additional bands repeat as 
necessary and modify as above for all 
additional bands) 
(G) 
Minimum Interest Rate (for 
the Digital Band Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(H) 
Maximum Interest Rate (for 
the Digital Band Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(I) 
[Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s):] (insert if required) 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest 
Period End Date(s) may be set out in a 
"Rate Table" if required) 
(J) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 1039 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1039 
 
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
[Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
(v) 
Inverse 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [– subject as provided in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] 
[and] [14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] 
[14(xvii)] [below]]] /Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or 
Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which the Inverse Floating 
Rate Note Provisions apply: 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, Interest Payment Date(s) 
should be the last day of an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Inverse Floating 
Rate Note Provisions only apply where the 
relevant Interest Period falls during the 
[Initial Interest Basis Period] [the Changed 
Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) 
the 
Lock-in 
Date 
[[]/ 
immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]] [(See General Condition 6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
[No 
Adjustment 
(C) 
Inverse Fixed Rate: 
[] (If there is more than one Inverse Fixed 
Rate for different Interest Periods, this 
information may be set out in a "Rate 
Table") 
(D) 
Inverse Reference Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Rate Table] (If there 
is more than one Inverse Reference Rate for

--- Page 1040 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1040 
 
different Interest Periods, this information 
may be set out in a "Rate Table") 
(Include details of whether the Inverse 
Reference Rate is (A) one Reference Rate (a 
"Specified Rate") or (B) one Reference 
Rate (a "Specified Rate 1") minus another 
Reference Rate (a "Specified Rate 2", and 
together with Specified Rate 1, each a 
"Specified Rate"). Also include details in 
relation to the Inverse Reference Rate and 
each Specified Rate whether it is (a) a 
Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
or 
ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) a CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, in all cases this 
would 
include 
being determined 
by 
reference to the Spread Note Provisions as 
appropriate. If any Reference Rate is a 
Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate 
or CMS Interest Rate, insert the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required) 
(E) 
Margin(s) (Inverse Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per 
annum] [As set out in the Rate Table] 
(Specify each Margin (Inverse Floating 
Interest Rate) if more than one by inserting 
a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(F) 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) (Inverse Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[As set out in the Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable]  
(Specify each Interest Participation Rate 
(Inverse Floating Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form 
of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(G) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance with [Specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest 
Period End Date(s) may be set out in a 
"Rate Table" if required) 
(H) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]

--- Page 1041 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1041 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
[Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
(I) 
Minimum Interest Rate (for 
the Inverse Floating Interest 
Rate): 
[] [As set out in the Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] (If there is more than one 
Minimum Interest Rate for different 
Interest Periods, this information may be 
set out in a "Rate Table") 
(J) 
Maximum Interest Rate (for 
the Inverse Floating Interest 
Rate): 
[] [As set out in the Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] (If there is more than one 
Maximum Interest Rate for different 
Interest Periods, this information may be 
set out in a "Rate Table") 
(vi) 
Spread Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [– subject as provided in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] 
[and] [14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] 
[14(xvii)] [below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest Period(s) to which 
the Spread Note Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the 
period from, and including, [] to but 
excluding, []] [] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Spread Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial 
Interest Basis Period] [the Changed Interest 
Basis Period beginning on (and including) 
the Lock-in Date [[]/ immediately 
succeeding Lock-in Event [1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to, and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day

--- Page 1042 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1042 
 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))]  
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, Interest Payment Date(s) 
should be the last day of an Interest Period) 
(C) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
] to, and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest 
Period End Date(s) may be set out in a 
"Rate Table" if required) 
(D) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
[Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
(E) 
Margin(s) (Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per 
annum] (Specify each Margin (Spread 
Interest Rate) if more than one by inserting 
a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(F) 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) 
(Spread 
Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[As set out in the Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1)

--- Page 1043 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1043 
 
(G) 
Relevant Spread Rate: 
[[Option One] [No Option One] [Spread 
Cap] [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Where Spread Cap is applicable, include 
the following sub-paragraphs: 
 
V%: 
[] 
 
Multiplier: 
[] 
 
Spread 
Cap 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per 
annum] [As set out in the Rate Table] 
(Specify each Spread Cap Margin if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form 
of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Rate X: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
Rate Y: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
Rate Z: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3]] 
(H) 
Spread Rate 1:  
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] 
[Spread Rate 1 Margin][, and multiplied by 
Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference 
Rate for Spread Rate 1 is (i) one Reference 
Rate or (ii) the sum of two or more specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two and, in each 
case, whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest 
Rate 
and 
whether 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, 
ISDA 
Determination, 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination, 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination, €STR 
Floating Rate Determination or SARON 
Floating Rate Determination applies, or (c) 
a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required) 
 
Spread 
Rate 
1 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Spread 
Rate 
1 
Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1044 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1044 
 
(I) 
Spread Rate 2: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] 
[Spread Rate 2 Margin][, and multiplied by 
Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference 
Rate for Spread Rate 2 is (i) one Reference 
Rate or (ii) the sum of two or more specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two and, in each 
case, whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest 
Rate 
and 
whether 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, 
ISDA 
Determination, 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination, 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination, €STR 
Floating Rate Determination or SARON 
Floating Rate Determination applies, or (c) 
a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required) 
 
Spread 
Rate 
2 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Spread 
Rate 
2 
Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(J) 
Spread Rate 3: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] 
[Spread Rate 3 Margin][, and multiplied by 
Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference 
Rate for Spread Rate 3 is (i) one Reference 
Rate or (ii) the sum of two or more specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two and, in each 
case, whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest 
Rate 
and 
whether 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, 
ISDA 
Determination, 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination, 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination, €STR 
Floating Rate Determination or SARON 
Floating Rate Determination applies or (c) 
a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference

--- Page 1045 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1045 
 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required) 
 
Spread 
Rate 
3 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Spread 
Rate 
3 
Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(K) 
Minimum Interest Rate (for 
the Spread Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(L) 
Maximum Interest Rate (for 
the Spread Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(M) 
[Spread Reference Rate in 
respect of Spread Rate 
[1/2/3]: 
(Specify whether Spread Reference Rate is 
(i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of 
specified Reference Rates or (iii) Reference 
Rate One minus Reference Rate Two and, 
in each case, whether each such rate is (a) 
a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating 
Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate 
Determination, 
ISDA 
Determination, 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination, 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination, €STR 
Floating Rate Determination or SARON 
Floating Rate Determination applies or (c) 
a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, 
as 
required)] (Include if not specified above 
and repeat as necessary) 
(vii) 
Volatility Bond Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [– subject as provided in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] 
[and] [14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] 
[14(xvii)] [below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest Period(s) to which 
the Volatility Bond Note 
Provisions apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the 
period [from, and including, [] to, but 
excluding, []] [] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Volatility Bond 
Note Provisions only apply where the 
relevant Interest Period falls during the 
[Initial Interest Basis Period] [the Changed

--- Page 1046 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1046 
 
Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) 
the 
Lock-in 
Date 
[[]/ 
immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to, and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))]  
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, Interest Payment Date(s) 
should be the last day of an Interest Period) 
(C) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest 
Period End Date(s) may be set out in a 
"Rate Table" if required) 
(D) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
[Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
(E) 
Margin(s) (Volatility Bond 
Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per 
annum] (Specify each Margin (Volatility 
Bond Interest Rate) if more than one by

--- Page 1047 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1047 
 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(F) 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) 
(Volatility 
Bond 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] (Specify each Interest 
Participation Rate (Volatility Bond Interest 
Rate) if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
(G) 
Shout Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Relevant Business 
Centre(s): 
[] 
 
Shout Option Cut-
off Time: 
[9:00 a.m. (London time)] [specify time] 
 
Details for giving 
notice to the Issuer 
and the Calculation 
Agent: 
[Specify address / e-mail address and 
department / desk to whom the relevant 
notice should be addressed] 
(H) 
Volatility Bond Rate 1: 
Volatility 
Bond 
Reference 
Rate 
[plus/minus] [Volatility Bond Rate 1 
Margin][, and multiplied by Volatility 
Bond Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate] 
(Specify whether the Volatility Bond 
Reference Rate for Volatility Bond Rate 1 is 
(i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of two 
or more specified Reference Rates or (iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate 
Two and, in each case, whether each such 
rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a 
Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies, or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, or (d) a 
Forward Rate, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms for each 
such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required) 
(Expected to be determined on or about the 
end of the relevant Interest Period – the 
Shout Option, if exercised, would operate 
to change this rate)

--- Page 1048 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1048 
 
 
Volatility 
Bond 
Rate 
1 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Volatility 
Bond 
Rate 1 Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(I) 
Volatility Bond Rate 2: 
Volatility 
Bond 
Reference 
Rate 
[plus/minus] [Volatility Bond Rate 2 
Margin][, and multiplied by Volatility 
Bond Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate] 
(Specify whether the Volatility Bond 
Reference Rate for Volatility Bond Rate 2 is 
(i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of two 
or more specified Reference Rates or (iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate 
Two and, in each case, whether each such 
rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a 
Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
or 
ISDA 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS 
Interest Rate, or (d) a Forward Rate, and in 
all cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms for each such rate e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, any 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required) 
(Expected to be determined on or about the 
beginning of the relevant Interest Period) 
 
Volatility 
Bond 
Rate 
2 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Volatility 
Bond 
Rate 2 Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(J) 
Minimum Interest Rate (for 
the Volatility Bond Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(K) 
Maximum Interest Rate (for 
the Volatility Bond Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Synthetic 
Forward 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [– subject as provided in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] 
[and] [14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] 
[14(xvii)] [below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1049 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1049 
 
(A) 
Interest Period(s) to which 
the Synthetic Forward Rate 
Note provisions apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the 
period from, and including, [] to but 
excluding, []] [] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Synthetic Forward 
Rate Note Provisions only apply where the 
relevant Interest Period falls during the 
[Initial Interest Basis Period] [the Changed 
Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) 
the 
Lock-in 
Date 
[[]/ 
immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to, and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))]  
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, Interest Payment Date(s) 
should be the last day of an Interest Period) 
(C) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
] to, and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest 
Period End Date(s) may be set out in a 
"Rate Table" if required) 
(D) 
Range 
Accrual 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 14(ii) above] 
[Not Applicable] 
(E) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year 
(Insert regular interest payment dates,

--- Page 1050 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1050 
 
ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
[Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
(F) 
Margin(s) 
(SF 
Interest 
Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per 
annum] (Specify each Margin (SF Interest 
Rate) if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
(G) 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) (SF Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] (Specify each Interest 
Participation Rate (SF Interest Rate) if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
(H) 
Synthetic Forward Option 
One, 
Synthetic 
Forward 
Option Two or Synthetic 
Forward Option Three: 
[Synthetic Forward Option One] [Synthetic 
Forward Option Two] [Synthetic Forward 
Option Three] applicable 
(I) 
Rate 1:  
SF Reference Rate [plus/minus] [Rate 1 
Margin][, and multiplied by Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
(Unless set out below, specify whether the 
SF Reference Rate for Rate 1 is (i) one 
Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of two or 
more specified Reference Rates or (iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate 
Two and, in each case, whether each such 
rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a 
Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
or 
ISDA 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS 
Interest Rate and, in all cases, specify 
details of all other relevant terms for each 
such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required) 
 
Rate 
1 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Rate 1 Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
x: 
[]

--- Page 1051 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1051 
 
(J) 
Rate 2: 
SF Reference Rate [plus/minus] [Rate 2 
Margin][, and multiplied by Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
(Unless set out below, specify whether the 
SF Reference Rate for Rate 2 is (i) one 
Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of two or 
more specified Reference Rates or (iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate 
Two and, in each case, whether each such 
rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a 
Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
or 
ISDA 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS 
Interest Rate, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms for each 
such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required) 
 
Rate 
2 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Rate 2 Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
y: 
[] 
(K) 
Minimum Interest Rate (for 
the 
Synthetic 
Forward 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(L) 
Maximum Interest Rate (for 
the 
Synthetic 
Forward 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(M) 
[SF Reference Rate [in 
respect of [Rate 1] [Rate 2]]: 
(Unless set out above, specify whether SF 
Reference Rate is (i) one Reference Rate or 
(ii) the sum of specified Reference Rates or 
(iii) Reference Rate One minus Reference 
Rate Two and, in each case, whether each 
such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) 
a Floating Interest Rate and whether 
Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (c) a CMS 
Interest Rate, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms for each 
such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required) 
(Repeat as required)]

--- Page 1052 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1052 
 
(N) 
Lev: 
[]% / [Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Previous 
Coupon 
Linked 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [– subject as provided in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] 
[and] [14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] 
[14(xvii)] below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest 
Period(s) 
and/or 
Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which the Previous Coupon 
Linked 
Note 
Provisions 
apply: 
subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))]  
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, Interest Payment Date(s) 
should be the last day of an Interest Period) 
(B) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]] [(See General Condition 6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
(C) 
Previous Coupon Reference 
Rate: 
Previous Coupon[, [plus/minus] [(i)] Rate 
1][, multiplied by Rate 1 Participation 
Rate] [, [plus/minus] (ii) Rate 2][, 
multiplied by Rate 2 Participation Rate] 
(If Previous Coupon Reference Rate is 
different for each Interest Period, insert the 
Rate Table, the form of which is set out in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Rate 
1 
(for 
determination of a 
Previous 
Coupon 
Reference Rate): 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate/Floating 
Interest 
Rate/CMS Interest Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant 
Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference Rate/(specify other Reference 
Rate)] [As set out in the Rate Table for 
Previous Coupon Linked Notes] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each Reference Rate e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, any 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting (if such Reference Rate is 
a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest 
Rate or CMS Interest Rate), the details set

--- Page 1053 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1053 
 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, 
as 
required). If Rate 1 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert also a Rate Table, 
the form of which is set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Rate 
1 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
 
Rate 
2 
(for 
determination of a 
Previous 
Coupon 
Reference Rate): 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate/Floating 
Interest 
Rate/CMS Interest Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant 
Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference Rate/(specify other Reference 
Rate)] [As set out in the Rate Table for 
Previous Coupon Linked Notes] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each Reference Rate e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, any 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting (if such Reference Rate is 
a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest 
Rate or CMS Interest Rate), the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. 
If Rate 2 is different for each Interest 
Period, insert also a Rate Table, the form 
of which is set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
Rate 
2 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes]  
 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for the Previous 
Coupon Reference 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes]  
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period 
if 
different 
by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for the Previous 
Coupon Reference 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes]  
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period 
if 
different 
by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(D) 
Margin (Previous Coupon 
Linked Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][   ] per cent. per 
annum]/[As set out in the Rate Table for 
Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
(Specify each Margin (Previous Coupon 
Linked Interest Rate) if more than one by

--- Page 1054 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1054 
 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(E) 
Interest Participation Rate 
(Previous Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes]  
(Specify each Interest Participation Rate 
(Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
(F) 
Minimum Interest Rate (for 
the Previous Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/ [As set out in the 
Rate Table for Previous Coupon Linked 
Notes]  
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period 
if 
different 
by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(G) 
Maximum Interest Rate (for 
the Previous Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/ [As set out in the 
Rate Table for Previous Coupon Linked 
Notes]  
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period 
if 
different 
by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(H) 
[Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s):] (insert if required) 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [
] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table for Previous 
Coupon Linked Notes] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate 
Table" if required) 
(I) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year 
(Insert regular interest payment dates,

--- Page 1055 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1055 
 
ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
[Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
(x) 
FX Performance Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in 
conjunction with another Interest Basis 
(other than Inflation Rate Notes and DIR 
Inflation Linked Notes). If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which 
the FX Performance Note 
Provisions apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the 
period [from, and including, [] to, but 
excluding, []]  
[[, subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] Each of the following 
Interest Payment Date(s): [] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to, 
and including, []] [adjusted in accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))]] [] 
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, Interest Payment Date(s) 
should be the last day of an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the FX Performance 
Note Provisions only apply where the 
relevant Interest Period falls during the 
[Initial Interest Basis Period] [the Changed 
Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) 
the 
Lock-in 
Date 
[[]/ 
immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
FX Performance 1: 
[[] / FX Performance 1 shall be 
determined by reference to the Underlying 
specified in item 13(i) above/ The rate 
determined as set out below / See the FX 
Performance Table] (Specify each FX 
Performance 1 if more than one by 
inserting an FX Performance Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
[Insert where no rate is specified above and FX Performance 1 is not an 
Underlying:

--- Page 1056 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1056 
 
− 
FX 
Perf 
A 
Currency/FX Perf 
B Currency: 
The [mid/[]] [] (FX Perf A Currency) / [
] (FX Perf B Currency) currency 
exchange rate expressed as the number of 
units of [] for which one unit of [] can be 
exchanged)] 
− 
FX 
Perf 
Designated Page: 
[] 
− 
FX 
Perf 
Designated Time: 
[]] 
(C) 
FX Performance 2: 
[[] / FX Performance 2 shall be 
determined by reference to the Underlying 
specified in item 13(i) above/ The rate 
determined as set out below / See the FX 
Performance Table] (Specify each FX 
Performance 2 if more than one by 
inserting an FX Performance Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
[Insert where no rate is specified above and FX Performance 2 is not an 
Underlying: 
− 
FX 
Perf 
A 
Currency/FX Perf 
B Currency: 
The [mid/[]] [] (FX Perf A Currency) / [
] (FX Perf B Currency) currency 
exchange rate [(expressed as the number of 
units of [] for which one unit of [] can be 
exchanged)] 
− 
FX 
Perf 
Designated Page: 
[] 
− 
FX 
Perf 
Designated Time: 
[]] 
(D) 
FX 
Performance 
Participation Rate: 
[] / [Not Applicable] / [See the FX 
Performance Table] 
(E) 
Specified FX Performance 
Valuation Date(s): 
FX Performance Valuation Date 1: [Not 
Applicable / [] [in respect of each Interest 
[Period/Payment Date]] / See the FX 
Performance Table] 
FX Performance Valuation Date 2: [Not 
Applicable / [] [in respect of each Interest 
[Period/Payment Date]] / See the FX 
Performance Table] 
(Specify each FX Performance Valuation 
Date if different by inserting an FX 
Performance Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(F) 
[Application 
of 
FX 
Performance 
Note 
Provisions: 
The FX Performance Note Provisions shall 
apply [[prior to/after] the application of the 
[Reserve Coupon Note Provisions] [Global

--- Page 1057 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1057 
 
Interest Floor Note Provisions] [and the] 
[Global Interest Cap Note Provisions] 
[Auto Floor Note Provisions] [Auto Cap 
Note Provisions]] (Insert where the 
Reserve Coupon Note Provisions or the 
Global Interest Floor Note Provisions 
and/or the Global Interest Cap Note 
Provisions or the Auto Floor Note 
Provisions or Auto Cap Note Provisions 
also apply) 
(xi) 
Reserve Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in 
conjunction with another Interest Basis 
(other than Fixed Rate Notes, Inflation 
Rate Notes, DIR Inflation Linked Notes and 
FX Performance Notes). If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which 
the Reserve Coupon Note 
Provisions apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the 
period [from, and including, [] to, but 
excluding, []] [[, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes),] Each 
of the following Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [] to, and including, []] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business 
Day Convention))]] [] 
(Where 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes) applies, Interest Payment Date(s) 
should be the last day of an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Reserve Coupon 
Note Provisions only apply where the 
relevant Interest Period falls during the 
[Initial Interest Basis Period] [the Changed 
Interest Basis Period beginning on (and 
including) 
the 
Lock-in 
Date 
[[]/ 
immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
(B) 
Relevant Option: 
Option [1]/[2]/[3] 
 
Reserve Coupon Rate 
(RCR): 
[[] per cent. [per annum]]/ []] (Specify 
where the Relevant Option is Option 1, 
otherwise delete row) 
 
Initial Reserve Period: 
From (and including) []/[the Issue Date] 
to (but excluding) [] 
 
RPN: 
[]] (Specify where the Relevant Option is 
Option 2, otherwise delete rows)

--- Page 1058 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1058 
 
 
Floor: 
[]] (Specify where the Relevant Option is 
Option 3, otherwise delete row) 
(xii) 
Global 
Interest 
Floor 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert: 
Floor Rate: [] per cent.] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in 
conjunction with another Interest Basis 
(other than Fixed Rate Notes, Auto Floor 
Notes and Auto Cap Notes)) 
(xiii) 
Global Interest Cap Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert: 
Cap Rate: [] per cent.] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in 
conjunction with another Interest Basis 
(other than Fixed Rate Notes, Auto Floor 
Notes and Auto Cap Notes)) 
(xiv) 
Restructure 
Interest 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If applicable:  
Restructure Rate Request Start Date: [] 
Maximum Number of Restructure Rate 
Acceptances: []/[Not Applicable] 
Fixed Restructure Fee: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Fixed Fee Amount: []] 
Basis 
Points 
Restructure 
Fee: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Number of Basis Points: [] basis points] 
(NB: Elect one of Fixed Restructure Fee or 
Basis Points Restructure Fee above (and 
complete as applicable) for the purposes of 
calculating the Restructure Fee) 
Issuer Notice Details: [Insert notice details 
for delivery of notices to the Issuer]] 
(xv) 
Interest Rollup: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Auto Floor Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1059 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1059 
 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in 
conjunction with another Interest Basis 
(other than Fixed Rate Notes, Global 
Interest Floor Notes and Global Interest 
Cap Notes). If not applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which 
the 
Auto 
Floor 
Note 
Provisions apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the 
period [from, and including, [] to, but 
excluding, []] [[, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes),] Each 
of the following Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [] to, and including, []] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business 
Day Convention))]] [] 
(B) 
Initial Floorlets Number: 
[] 
(C) 
Floor: 
[] 
(xvii) 
Auto Cap Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in 
conjunction with another Interest Basis 
(other than Fixed Rate Notes, Global 
Interest Floor Notes and Global Interest 
Cap Notes). If not applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(A) 
Interest Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which 
the 
Auto 
Floor 
Note 
Provisions apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the 
period [from, and including, [] to, but 
excluding, []] [[, subject as provided in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes),] Each 
of the following Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [] to, and including, []] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business 
Day Convention))]] [] 
(B) 
Initial Caplets Number: 
[] 
(C) 
Cap: 
[] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SWITCHER OPTION 
 
Switcher Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1060 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1060 
 
(A) 
Switcher Interest Commencement 
Date(s): 
[] 
(B) 
New Interest Basis: 
[include details of the New Interest Basis or 
the 
or 
each 
Switcher 
Interest 
Commencement Date including cross 
referring to relevant paragraphs herein 
and 
including any 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date and/or Margin and/or 
Interest Participation Rate] 
(C) 
Conversion Amount per Calculation 
Amount payable by the Issuer: 
[include details of any conversion amount 
payable by the Issuer and the relevant 
Switcher Interest Commencement Date in 
respect of which it is payable if more than 
one][Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Switcher Payment Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 19 (Switcher Option) ] [Not less 
than [(specify)] Business Days] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO LOCK-IN CHANGE OF INTEREST BASIS 
 
Lock-in Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Initial Interest Basis: 
[include details of the Initial Interest Basis 
including cross referring to relevant 
paragraphs herein] 
(B) 
Changed Interest Basis: 
[Following the occurrence of [the] Lock-in 
Event [1]: [include details of the Changed 
Interest Basis including cross referring to 
relevant paragraphs herein]] 
 
[Following the occurrence of Lock-in 
Event 1 and Lock-in Event [2][n]: [include 
details of the Changed Interest Basis 
including cross referring to relevant 
paragraphs herein]] 
 
(Repeat as necessary for Lock-in Events 
n=1….k) 
(C) 
Lock-in Date: 
[] [The Interest Period End Date 
immediately 
succeeding 
the 
Lock-in 
Determination Date on which the Lock-in 
Condition was satisfied in respect of all the 
relevant Lock-in Events] [The Interest 
Payment Date immediately succeeding the 
Lock-in Determination Date on which the 
Lock-in Condition was satisfied in respect 
of all the relevant Lock-in Events] 
(D) 
Lock-in Condition [1]:

--- Page 1061 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1061 
 
 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation [1]: 
[Specify what the Lock-in Reference 
Observation will be from the options set out 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
21(c) (Determination of Lock-in Reference 
Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
 
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Specified 
Lock-in Determination Date, Margin, any 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate (by inserting the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, 
as 
required), in all cases this would include 
being determined by reference to the 
Spread Note Provisions as appropriate)] 
 
[See [also] paragraph 13 for details of the 
[Rate[s]/FX Rate]] 
 
Determination Date Valuation Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
 
Lock-in Barrier [1]: 
[Specify what the Lock-in Barrier will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 21(c) (Determination 
of Lock-in Reference Observation and 
Lock-in Barrier)]  
 
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Specified 
Lock-in Determination Date, Margin, any 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate (by inserting the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, 
as 
required)] 
 
[See [also] paragraph 13 for details of the 
[Rate[s]/FX Rate]] 
 
[Determination Date Valuation Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
Lock-in Barrier Reference 
[1]: 
[Greater 
than 
the 
Lock-in 
Barrier 
[1]/Greater than or equal to the Lock-in 
Barrier [1]/Less than the Lock-in Barrier 
[1]/Less than or equal to the Lock-in 
Barrier [1]] 
(E) 
[Lock-in Condition [n]: 
(Include for each Lock-in Condition n = 2 
… k) 
 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation [n]: 
[Specify what the Lock-in Reference 
Observation will be from the options set out 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition

--- Page 1062 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1062 
 
21(c) (Determination of Lock-in Reference 
Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
 
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Specified 
Lock-in Determination Date, Margin, any 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate (by inserting the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, 
as 
required), in all cases this would include 
being determined by reference to the 
Spread Note Provisions as appropriate)] 
 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the 
[Rate[s]/FX Rate]] 
 
Determination Date Valuation Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
 
Lock-in Barrier [n]: 
[Specify what the Lock-in Barrier will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 21(c) (Determination 
of Lock-in Reference Observation and 
Lock-in Barrier)]  
 
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Specified 
Lock-in Determination Date, Margin, any 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate (by inserting the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, 
as 
required)] 
 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the 
Rate[s]/FX Rate] 
 
[Determination Date Valuation Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
Lock-in Barrier Reference 
[n]: 
[Greater 
than 
the 
Lock-in 
Barrier 
[n]/Greater than or equal to the Lock-in 
Barrier [n]/Less than the Lock-in Barrier 
[n]/Less than or equal to the Lock-in 
Barrier [n]]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO ZERO COUPON NOTES 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Calculation 
Agent 
Determination 
of 
Amortised Face Amount applies/Single 
Rate Amortisation Yield/Multiple Rate 
Amortisation Yield]

--- Page 1063 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1063 
 
(If not applicable or if "Calculation Agent 
Determination of Amortised Face Amount" 
is specified above, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] [per cent. per 
annum]] 
(If "Multiple Rate Amortisation Yield" is 
specified above, insert the below table) 
[Amortisation Yield Table 
i 
Calculation Period 
Amortisation 
Yield 
 
Start 
End 
 
Date 
Date 
 
[] 
[specify 
date] 
[specify 
date] 
[specify per 
cent. per annum] 
 
(repeat as required)] 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]] 
[Not Applicable] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA), for which purpose 
the Determination Dates shall be [] in 
each year] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
2003 Reference Entity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Delete if 
"2014 Reference Entity" is Applicable) 
(ii) 
2014 Reference Entity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Delete if 
"2003 Reference Entity" is Applicable) 
(iii) 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Name Credit Linked Notes]/[Nth-
to-Default 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes]/[Linear 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes]/[Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes]/[Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes]/[Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes]/[Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes]/[Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes]

--- Page 1064 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1064 
 
(iv) 
[Credit Event Redemption Method: 
[Auction 
Redemption]/[Cash 
Redemption]/[Physical 
Redemption]/[Fixed 
Recovery 
Redemption] 
[– Fallback Redemption Method: 
[Cash 
Redemption]/[Physical 
Redemption]/[Not Applicable]]] (Delete 
this row if not applicable) 
(v) 
[Risk Event Redemption Method: 
[LA Cash Redemption]/[LA Physical 
Redemption]/[LA 
Fixed 
Recovery 
Redemption]] (Delete this row if not 
applicable) 
(vi) 
[Fixed Recovery Percentage: 
[0 per cent.]/[[] per cent.]/[100 per cent.]] 
(Delete this row if not applicable) 
(vii) 
[Credit Payment following Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Delete this 
row if not applicable) 
(viii) 
[Credit Payment following Risk 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Delete this 
row if not applicable) 
(ix) 
[Credit Payment on Maturity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[– Funding Interest Rate: 
[] (Only include if 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable)]] (Delete this row 
if not applicable)  
(x) 
Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[[] [Number of days] prior to] [Trade 
Date]/[Issue Date]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
(xi) 
No Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[Not 
Applicable. The Notes are Zero Coupon 
Notes] (Specify for Zero Coupon Notes)] 
(xii) 
Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[Not 
Applicable. The Notes are Zero Coupon 
Notes] (Specify for Zero Coupon Notes)] 
(xiii) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
(Specify relevant information about the 
Reference Entity in paragraph 12 of Part B 
below) 
− 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior 
Level]/[Subordinated 
Level]/[Senior Non-Preferred Level] 
− 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where Applicable, specify Reference 
Obligation below if the fallback to a Non-
Standard Reference Obligation under

--- Page 1065 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1065 
 
paragraph 
(c) 
of 
the definition 
of 
"Reference Obligation" is to apply.) 
− 
Reference Obligation: 
[Specify Reference Obligations, including a 
short description thereof if the Reference 
Entity is not a sovereign, where applicable] 
 
Primary obligor: 
[] 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[] 
 
Maturity: 
[] 
 
Currency: 
[] 
 
Governing law: 
[] 
 
Listed 
on 
the 
following 
stock 
exchanges/Admitted 
to trading on the 
following markets 
[] 
− 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
− 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
− 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' is applicable) 
− 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method) 
− 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
− 
[Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked

--- Page 1066 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1066 
 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete 
row) 
− 
[Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete 
row) 
(xiv) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Entities, 
Transaction 
Type 
and 
Seniority Level: 
As set out in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked 
Notes) hereto 
− 
Nth Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
− 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect 
of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference 
Entity in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto, where applicable] 
(Where applicable, specify Reference 
Obligation(s) in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked 
Notes) hereto if the fallback to a Non-
Standard Reference Obligation under 
paragraph 
(c) 
of 
the definition 
of 
"Reference Obligation" is to apply. Insert 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation for 
each Reference Entity) 
− 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in Appendix 1 (Credit 
Linked Notes) hereto, where applicable 
− 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
− 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method)

--- Page 1067 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1067 
 
− 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption" is applicable) 
− 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method) 
− 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
− 
[Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete 
row) 
− 
[Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete 
row) 
(xv) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Transaction 
Type, 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Entity Notional Amount and 
Seniority Level: 
As set out in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked 
Notes) hereto  
− 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect 
of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference 
Entity in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto, where applicable] 
(Where applicable, specify Reference 
Obligation(s) in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked 
Notes) hereto if the fallback to a Non-
Standard Reference Obligation under 
paragraph 
(c) 
of 
the definition 
of 
"Reference Obligation" is to apply. Insert

--- Page 1068 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1068 
 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation for 
each Reference Entity) 
− 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in Appendix 1 (Credit 
Linked Notes) hereto, where applicable 
− 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
− 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
− 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' is applicable) 
− 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method) 
− 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
− 
[Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete 
row) 
− 
[Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete 
row) 
(xvi) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1069 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1069 
 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [] 
Version] [Specify relevant CDX® index 
Series [] Version] 
− 
Index Annex Date: 
[] 
− 
Effective Date: 
[] 
− 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
− 
Index Publisher: 
[] 
− 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Reference 
Entity 
Weightings: 
As set out in the Index Annex with the 
Index Annex Date specified hereto 
− 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect 
of each Reference Entity, as specified in the 
Index Annex with the Index Annex Date 
specified hereto, where applicable] 
− 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Index Annex with 
the Index Annex Date specified hereto, 
where applicable 
− 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
− 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
− 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' is applicable) 
− 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method)

--- Page 1070 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1070 
 
− 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
− 
[Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete 
row) 
− 
[Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete 
row) 
(xvii) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [] 
Version]/[Specify relevant CDX® index 
Series [] Version] 
− 
Index Annex Date: 
[] 
− 
Effective Date: 
[] 
− 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
− 
Index Publisher: 
[] 
− 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Reference 
Entity 
Weightings: 
As set out in the Index Annex with the 
Index Annex Date specified hereto 
− 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect 
of each Reference Entity, as specified in the 
Index Annex with the Index Annex Date 
specified hereto, where applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Index Annex with 
the Index Annex Date specified hereto, 
where applicable 
− 
Attachment Point: 
[] per cent. 
− 
Exhaustion Point: 
[] per cent.

--- Page 1071 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1071 
 
− 
Tranche Size: 
[] per cent. (This is the Exhaustion Point 
minus the Attachment Point) 
− 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[] (This is (a) the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount, divided by (b) the 
Tranche Size) 
− 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) the Attachment 
Point) 
− 
Recovery 
Threshold 
Amount: 
[] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus 
the Exhaustion Point) 
− 
Settled Entity Matrix: 
[Specify name and date of matrix, as 
published, in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked 
Notes) hereto]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
− 
Settled Entity Incurred Loss 
Amount: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
− 
Settled 
Entity 
Incurred 
Recovery Amount: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
− 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
− 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method) 
− 
Index Tranched Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
− 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
− 
[Index 
Tranched 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable, 
otherwise delete row)

--- Page 1072 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1072 
 
(xviii) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Index: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Transaction 
Type, 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Entity Notional Amount and 
Seniority Level: 
[As set out in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked 
Notes) hereto] 
− 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]/[In respect 
of each Reference Entity, as specified in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto, 
where applicable] 
(Where Applicable, specify Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 (Credit 
Linked Notes) hereto if the fallback to a 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation under 
paragraph 
(c) 
of 
the definition 
of 
"Reference Obligation" is to apply. Insert 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation for 
each Reference Entity) 
− 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 (Credit 
Linked Notes) hereto, where applicable 
− 
Attachment Point: 
[] per cent. 
− 
Exhaustion Point: 
[] per cent. 
− 
Tranche Size: 
[] per cent. (This is the Exhaustion Point 
minus the Attachment Point) 
− 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[] (This is (a) the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount, divided by (b) the 
Tranche Size) 
− 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) the Attachment 
Point) 
− 
Recovery 
Threshold 
Amount: 
[] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus 
the Exhaustion Point) 
− 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method)

--- Page 1073 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1073 
 
− 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method) 
− 
Portfolio 
Tranched 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
− 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
− 
[Portfolio Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable, 
otherwise delete row) 
(xix) 
Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference Entity: 
[] 
− 
Reference Asset(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Reference 
Assets 
Call/Maturity Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Reference 
Assets 
Conditions Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Reference 
Assets 
Only 
Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Applicable 
Principal 
Currency Amount: 
[]/[The aggregate principal amount of 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes outstanding] 
− 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Reference Custodian: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable:  
[Inconvertibility Event]/

--- Page 1074 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1074 
 
[Ownership Restriction Event]/ 
[Settlement/Custodial Event]/ 
[Non-Viability Trigger Event]/ 
[Market Value Trigger Event – Market 
Value Trigger Level: [] per cent. 
(Specify)]/ 
[Reference Assets Restructuring Event]]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
− 
Additional Risk Event Start 
Date: 
[Trade Date]/[Issue Date] 
− 
LA Interest Amount: 
[As specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]/[]/[ 
 
LA 
Interest 
Payment Date, in 
each case, subject 
as provided in the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions: 
LA 
Interest 
Amount: 
 
[] 
[local 
currency 
amount] divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate 
 
[] 
[local 
currency 
amount] divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate 
 
] 
− 
FX Forward Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
below 
sub-
paragraphs) 
(i) 
[LCY: 
[] 
(ii) 
Reference 
Assets 
Forward Rate: 
[] 
(iii) 
Reference 
Assets 
FX 
Forward 
Notional: 
[] 
(iv) 
Reference 
Assets 
FX 
Forward 
Termination Date: 
[]] 
− 
LA 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked

--- Page 1075 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1075 
 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' is applicable) 
− 
LA Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]  
− 
LA Physical Redemption 
Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'LA Physical 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
− 
Final LA Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable) 
− 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
− 
Tax Deduction Event – 
Interest: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Tax Deduction Event – 
Principal: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference 
Entities, 
Reference 
Assets, 
Reference 
Assets 
Call/Maturity 
Date, 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Entity Notional Amount, 
Reference Assets Coupon 
Payment 
Date 
and 
Reference 
Assets 
Conditions Date: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto. 
− 
Reference 
Assets 
Only 
Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Applicable 
Principal 
Currency Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in 
Appendix 
1 
(Credit 
Linked 
Notes) 
hereto]/[The aggregate principal amount of 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
outstanding]

--- Page 1076 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1076 
 
− 
Settlement 
Currency 
Principal Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in 
Appendix 
1 
(Credit 
Linked 
Notes) 
hereto]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in 
Appendix 
1 
(Credit 
Linked 
Notes) 
hereto]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Reference Custodian: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable: 
[Inconvertibility Event]/ 
[Ownership Restriction Event]/ 
[Settlement/Custodial Event]/ 
[Reference 
Assets 
Liquidation 
Value 
Trigger Event – Reference Assets Trigger 
Level: [●] per cent. (Specify)]/ 
[Non-Viability Trigger Event]/ 
[Market Value Trigger Event – Market 
Value Trigger Level: [●] per cent. 
(Specify)]/ 
[Reference Assets Restructuring Event]]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
− 
Additional Risk Event Start 
Date: 
[Trade Date]/[Issue Date] 
− 
LA Interest Amount: 
[As specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]/[●]/[ 
 
LA 
Interest 
Payment Date, in 
each case, subject 
as provided in the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions: 
LA 
Interest 
Amount: 
 
[] 
[local 
currency 
amount] divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate 
 
[] 
[local 
currency 
amount] divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate 
 
]

--- Page 1077 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1077 
 
− 
FX Forward Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
below 
sub-
paragraphs) 
(i) 
[LCY: 
[] 
(ii) 
Reference 
Assets 
Forward Rate: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto 
(iii) 
Reference 
Assets 
FX 
Forward 
Notional: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto 
(iv) 
Reference 
Assets 
FX 
Forward 
Termination Date: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto.] 
− 
LA 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'LA Cash 
Redemption' is applicable) 
− 
LA Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'LA Cash 
Redemption' is applicable) 
− 
LA Physical Redemption 
Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'LA Physical 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
− 
[Final LA Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete 
row) 
− 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions is to 
apply]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
− 
Tax Deduction Event – 
Interest: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Tax Deduction Event – 
Principal: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date: 
[As per the Credit Linked Conditions]/[[] 
Business Days following the later to occur 
of (a) any scheduled payment date or the (b) 
Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable]

--- Page 1078 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1078 
 
(vi) 
Physical Settlement Matrix Standard 
Terms: 
[Applicable: As set out in Appendix 2 
(Physical Settlement Matrix), as amended 
pursuant to the relevant elections in this 
Part 
A 
(Contractual 
Terms)]23/[Not 
Applicable] 
− 
[Transaction Type: 
[] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are applicable)] 
(vii) 
[Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix 
Elections: 
Restructuring: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Monoline Supplement: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
(Include 
where 
the 
Transaction Type is "Standard North 
American Corporate" otherwise delete.) 
(viii) 
Credit Event[(s)]: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
− 
Default Requirement: 
[[] or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
− 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Obligations: 
 
− 
Obligation Category: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
− 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)]  
− 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
All Guarantees: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
 
23 
Drafting Note: Include the corresponding election from the relevant Schedule in Appendix 2. If the applicable 
"Transaction Type" is (i) Standard North American Corporate, see Schedule 1, (ii) Standard European Corporate/Standard 
European Financial Corporate/Standard European CoCo Financial Corporate/Standard European Senior Non-Preferred Financial 
Corporate/Standard European Limited Recourse Corporate, see Schedule 2, (iii) Standard Subordinated European Insurance 
Corporate, see Schedule 3, (iv) Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN, see Schedule 4, (v) Standard Emerging European 
Corporate, see Schedule 5, (vi) Standard Latin America Corporate B, see Schedule 6, (vii) Standard Latin America Corporate BL, 
see Schedule 7, (viii) Standard Australia Corporate/Standard Australia Financial Corporate, see Schedule 8, (ix) Standard New 
Zealand Corporate/Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate, see Schedule 9, (x) Standard Japan Corporate/Standard Japan 
Financial Corporate, see Schedule 10, (xi) Standard Singapore Corporate/Standard Singapore Financial Corporate, see Schedule 
11, (xii) Standard Asia Corporate/Standard Asia Financial Corporate, see Schedule 12, (xiii) Standard Western European 
Sovereign, see Schedule 13, (xiv) Standard Latin America Sovereign, see Schedule 14, (xv) Standard Emerging European & Middle 
Eastern Sovereign, see Schedule 15, (xvi) Standard Australia Sovereign, see Schedule 16, (xvii) Standard New Zealand Sovereign, 
see Schedule 17, (xviii) Standard Japan Sovereign, see Schedule 18, (xix) Standard Singapore Sovereign, see Schedule 19, (xx) 
Standard Asia Sovereign, see Schedule 20, (xxi) Standard U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit, see Schedule 21, (xxii) Standard 
U.S. Municipal General Fund, see Schedule 22 and (xxiii) Standard U.S. Municipal Revenue, see Schedule 23.

--- Page 1079 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1079 
 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
(x) 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
− 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
− 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
− 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
All Guarantees: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
(xi) 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
(xii) 
Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
(xiii) 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package 
Delivery Supplement to the 2014 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(September 15, 2014): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
(xiv) 
Monoline Supplement: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
(xv) 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
(xvi) 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic Republic (May 29, 2012): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
(xvii) 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Republic 
of 
Ukraine: 
Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 
2016): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)]

--- Page 1080 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1080 
 
(xviii) 
2020 Additional Provisions for the 
Republic of Ecuador: Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 
11, 2020): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
(xix) 
2020 Additional Provisions for the 
Argentine 
Republic: 
Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 
16, 2020): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
(xx) 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
(xxi) 
Additional Provisions for the Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
(xxii) 
Additional Provisions for Certain 
Venezuelan 
Entities: 
Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 
19, 2017): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
(xxiii) 
Additional Provisions for Senior 
Non-Preferred Reference Obligations 
(published on December 8, 2017):: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
(xxiv) 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(September 15, 2014): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
[– [Trigger Percentage: 
[]] 
(xxv) 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(July 15, 2019): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
− 
Fallback Discounting: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
− 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)] 
(xxvi) 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional 
Provisions (December 2, 2020): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)]

--- Page 1081 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1081 
 
(xxvii) [2012 
ISDA 
U.S. 
Municipal 
Reference Entity Supplement to the 
2003 Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(March 5, 2012): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix) 
hereto]21/[[Specify] 
(Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are not applicable)]] 
(Include if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
applicable) 
(xxviii) Single 
Notifying 
Party 
Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(xxix) 
Movement Option: 
[Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Full 
Transferable 
Obligation 
Applicable]/[Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation Applicable] 
(xxx) 
Cash Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable [as Fallback Redemption 
Method]]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[Single Valuation Date: 
 
Number of Business Days: 
 
[Specify]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
 
[] Business Days and each [] Business 
Days thereafter. [Number of Valuation 
Dates: []]] 
− 
Valuation Time: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
− 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest]/[Market]/[Average 
Highest]/[Average Market]/[Lowest] 
− 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid]/[Offer]/[Mid-market] 
− 
Quotation Dealers: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
− 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest]/[Exclude 
Accrued Interest][As per Credit Linked 
Condition 18(a)(ii)(III) (Determination of 
Final Price)] 
(xxxi) 
Physical Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[] Business Days]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
− 
[Include Accrued Interest: 
Applicable](Delete 
this 
row 
if 
not 
applicable) 
− 
Fallback Cash Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxxii) Partial 
Cash 
Redemption 
Terms/Fallback Cash Redemption 
Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1082 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1082 
 
− 
Valuation Time: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(xxxiii) Redemption Following Merger: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
Merger 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Early Redemption Amount]/[Each Note's 
pro rata share of an amount (subject to a 
minimum of zero) equal to (i) the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Credit Linked Notes minus (ii) the 
Unwind Costs, if any] 
(xxxiv) Settlement Currency: 
[]/[As per the General Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INDEX SKEW NOTES 
 
Index Skew Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions: 
(a) 
Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction;  
(b) 
Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
(ii) 
Index Skew Positions: 
The Issuer is the [[buyer]/[seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical 
Index 
Untranched 
Transaction.  
The Issuer is the [[buyer]/[seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
(iii) 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty: 
[Citibank, N.A. (Specify the relevant 
branch, where relevant)]/[Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited]/[●] 
(iv) 
Hypothetical 
Index 
Untranched 
Transaction General Terms: 
 
− 
Eligible Index: 
[[●] (Specify Index name)] Series [●] 
Version [●] 
− 
Relevant Annex: 
[●] 
− 
Index Annex Date: 
[●] 
− 
Documentation Form: 
[[●] 
(Specify 
name 
of 
supplement, 
publisher 
and 
date 
of 
publication)] 
[incorporating the [●] (Specify name of 
supplement, 
publisher 
and 
date 
of 
publication)]

--- Page 1083 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1083 
 
− 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
− 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
− 
Scheduled 
Termination 
Date: 
[●] 
− 
Original Notional Amount: 
[●] 
(v) 
Hypothetical 
Single 
Name 
Transaction General Terms: 
 
− 
Documentation Form: 
[Confirmation 
for 
use 
with 
Credit 
Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix 
(version [●] – [[●] (Specify date of 
publication))] – 2014 Definitions Version] 
[and incorporating [[●] (Specify name of 
supplement, 
publisher 
and 
date 
of 
publication, if applicable)]] 
− 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
− 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
− 
Scheduled 
Termination 
Date: 
[●] 
− 
Matrix Publication Date: 
[Effective Date of the Eligible Index]/[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
Redemption Provisions: 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [Index Skew 
Early Redemption Amount] 
(C) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(1) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount][Not 
Applicable] 
(2) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 1084 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1084 
 
(D) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in General Condition 5(g) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer)] 
[Not less than [(specify)] Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the General 
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for 
example clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 business days' notice for a 
call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent) 
(ii) 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [Index Skew 
Early Redemption Amount] 
(C) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in General Condition 5(h) 
(Redemption at the Option of holders of 
Notes)] [Not less than [(specify)] Business 
Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the General 
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for 
example clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 business days' notice for a 
put) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent) 
(iii) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[] 
(specify) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Maturity Redemption Amount] 
(include for Credit Linked Notes) [, subject 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 3 (Dual Currency Notes)]/[DIR 
Inflation Linked Redemption Amount] 
[Lock-in Redemption Amount] [Rate 
Linked Redemption Amount] [Interest 
Linked Redemption Amount] [Redemption

--- Page 1085 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1085 
 
Reserve 
Amount] 
[Redemption 
by 
Instalments] 
(A) 
DIR Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
DIR Index:  
[] 
• 
Base Index Figure: 
[] 
• 
Index Month X: 
[] 
• 
Index Month Y: 
[] (NB. This should be equal to Index 
Month X minus one) 
• 
Margin: 
[[+/-][] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Redemption 
Participation Rate: 
[[] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
(B) 
Lock-in Redemption Notes: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(Only specify as applicable where "Lock-in 
Change of Interest Basis" is specified as 
applicable above) 
(If not applicable delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
Lock-in 
Redemption 
Barrier: 
[] 
• 
Relevant Lock-in 
Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
• 
Relevant 
Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
• 
Redemption 
Participation Rate: 
[[] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Lock-in 
Strike 
Level: 
[]

--- Page 1086 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1086 
 
• 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Rate Linked Redemption 
Notes 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
Single Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Redemption Rate: 
[Specify Underlying] 
• 
Spread Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Redemption Rate 
1: 
[Specify Underlying] 
− 
Redemption Rate 
2: 
[Specify Underlying] 
• 
Lev: 
[[] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Margin: 
[[+/-][] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[See also [insert paragraph number of 
relevant 
interest 
provision 
under 
paragraph 14 above] for basis for 
determining the Actual Interest Amounts.

--- Page 1087 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1087 
 
• 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(E) 
Redemption Reserve Notes: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(Specify applicable only if the Notes are 
also Reserve Coupon Notes. Where 
Reserve Coupon Notes Option 1 or Option 
3 applies, specify applicable. Where 
Reserve Coupon Notes Option 2 applies, 
applicable or not applicable may be 
specified. If not applicable delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
• 
Relevant 
Redemption 
Option: 
Option [1]/[2]/[3] 
(To follow the election set out in item 
14(xi)(B) above) 
• 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(F) 
Redemption by Instalments: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
Instalment Date(s): 
[] [As set out below: 
 
Instalment Dates 
Instalment 
Amounts 
 
[] 
[]] 
• 
Instalment 
Amount(s): 
[As set out above] [As set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
(iv) 
Mandatory Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1088 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1088 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Condition: 
[Rollerball MER Condition] 
[TARN MER Condition] 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date[s] [other 
than [[]/the Interest Payment Date falling 
on or about the [Scheduled] Maturity 
Date]]/[]] [in each [year] [month] from, 
and including, [] to and including, []] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business 
Day Convention))] 
(C) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount(s): 
[[] (Specify each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount if more than one by 
inserting a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
(D) 
Rollerball MER Condition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
• 
Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Specify what the Rollerball Reference 
Observation will be from the options set out 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
22(b) (Rollerball MER Condition)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Specified 
MER Determination Date, Margin, any 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate (by inserting the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, 
as 
required), in all cases this would include 
being determined by reference to the 
Spread Note Provisions as appropriate) 
and where there is more than one 
Reference Rate, whether the Rollerball 
Barrier is different for each Reference Rate 
for each relevant interest period)] 
 
[See [also] paragraph 13 for details of the 
[Rate[s]/FX Rate]] 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If 
Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
different for each MER Determination

--- Page 1089 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1089 
 
Date, insert the Schedule which contains 
the Rollerball Reference Determination 
Table) 
Determination Date Valuation Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
• 
Rollerball Barrier: 
[Specify what the Rollerball Barrier will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 22(b) (Rollerball 
MER Condition)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Specified 
MER Determination Date, Margin, any 
Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate (by inserting the details set 
out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required) 
and where there is more than one 
Reference Rate, whether the Rollerball 
Barrier is different for each Reference Rate 
for each relevant interest period)] 
 
[See [also] paragraph 13 for details of the 
Rate[s]/FX Rate] 
 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If 
Rollerball Barrier is different for each 
MER Determination Date, insert the 
Schedule which contains the Rollerball 
Reference Determination Table) 
[Determination Date Valuation Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
• 
Rollerball Barrier 
Reference: 
[Greater than the Rollerball Barrier/Greater 
than or equal to the Rollerball Barrier/Less 
than the Rollerball Barrier/Less than or 
equal to the Rollerball Barrier] 
(E) 
TARN MER Condition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
• 
TARN Rate: 
[] (If TARN Rate is different for each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, insert 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Table the

--- Page 1090 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1090 
 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
(Specify an amount, which may be 
expressed a percentage of the principal 
amount) 
• 
Excluded Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable] [[] / [The Interest 
Amounts determined by reference to 
[specify interest basis] as set out in item [] 
above] [specify relevant period(s)/date(s), 
where relevant]] shall be Excluded Interest 
Amount[s] for the purposes of the TARN 
MER Condition] (Specify the interest basis 
and the related Interest Period(s) and/or 
Interest Payment Date(s) for the Interest 
Amount(s) which will not be taken into 
account for the purposes of the TARN 
MER Condition) 
(v) 
Early Redemption: 
 
(A) 
Early 
Redemption 
for 
Taxation Reasons (General 
Condition 
5(c)(i) 
(Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If Applicable:  
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued 
interest (if any) [at maturity]]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal Amount plus accrued 
interest (if any) at maturity with option for 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
Option Value plus Option Value Accrued 
Interest (if any) at maturity with option for 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Best of Amount]/[Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] (Specify an amount only)/[Index 
Skew Early Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 1091 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1091 
 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
if 
Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
(B) 
Early 
Redemption 
for 
Illegality 
(General 
Condition 
5(c)(ii) 
(Redemption for Illegality)): 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity]/[Principal Amount plus Option 
Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
Option Value plus Option Value Accrued 
Interest (if any) at maturity with option for 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Best of Amount]/[Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] (Specify an amount only)/[Index 
Skew Early Redemption Amount] 
[see "Continuance of Notes Provision" 
below] 
(Specify Early Redemption Amount here 
only if "Continuance of Notes Provision" is 
"Not Applicable"; otherwise specify "See 
"Continuance of Notes Provision" above 
and specify the Early Redemption Amount 
under "Continuance of Notes Provision" 
below) 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs:

--- Page 1092 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1092 
 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
if 
Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
− 
Continuance 
of 
Notes Provision: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Illegality Event (Impossible Performance) 
Early Redemption Amount: Fair Market 
Value 
Deduction of Hedge Costs: Not 
Applicable 
Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: Not 
Applicable 
Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: Not Applicable 
Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
Not 
Applicable 
Illegality Event (Possible Performance): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market 
Value at early redemption] [Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption] [Best of Amount]

--- Page 1093 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1093 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
Not 
Applicable]] 
(C) 
Early 
Redemption 
for 
Obligor Regulatory Event 
(General 
Condition 
5(d) 
(Early 
Redemption 
following the occurrence of 
an 
Obligor 
Regulatory 
Event)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] 
(Specify 
for 
Zero 
Coupon Notes)/[●] (Specify an 
amount only)/[Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself 
or as part of a broader 
calculation) 
is 
applicable)] 
[Deduction 
of 
Issuer 
Costs and Hedging and 
Funding 
Costs:

--- Page 1094 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1094 
 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself 
or as part of a broader 
calculation) 
is 
applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value is 
applicable)] 
[Additional 
Costs 
on 
account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(D) 
Early Redemption Amount 
for the purpose of General 
Condition 9 (Events of 
Default): 
[Fair Market Value] [Principal Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
[at 
maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus Option 
Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
Option Value plus Option Value Accrued 
Interest (if any) at maturity with option for 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Amortised Face Amount] 
(specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[●] 
(specify an amount only)/[Index Skew 
Early Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
if 
Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1095 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1095 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
Adjustment Events: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable[: 
the 
provisions in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1(m) (Fallback Provisions for 
Notes other than Underlying Linked Notes) 
apply]]  
(Only applicable if the Notes are either (i) 
Underlying Linked Notes or (ii) are not 
Underlying Linked Notes but Change in 
Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased 
Cost of Hedging apply. Otherwise, specify 
not applicable) 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Illegality: [Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
Material Increased Cost: [Applicable/ Not 
Applicable] 
Early Redemption following Adjustment 
Event: [Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued 
interest (if any) [at maturity]]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal Amount plus accrued 
interest (if any) at maturity with option for 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
Option Value plus Option Value Accrued 
Interest (if any) at maturity with option for 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Amortised Face Amount] 
(Specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[●] 
(Specify an amount only)/[Index Skew 
Early Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 1096 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1096 
 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] 
(Specify 
for 
Zero 
Coupon Notes)/[●] (Specify an 
amount only)/[Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as 
part 
of 
a 
broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs 
and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as 
part 
of 
a 
broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1097 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1097 
 
[Additional 
Costs 
on 
account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/ 
Not Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] 
(Specify 
for 
Zero 
Coupon Notes)/[●] (Specify an 
amount only)/[Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as 
part 
of 
a 
broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs 
and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as 
part 
of 
a 
broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional 
Costs 
on 
account 
of 
Early 
Redemption:

--- Page 1098 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1098 
 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(iv) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Events 
relating to Inflation Indices: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Inflation Index Condition 4 (Additional 
Adjustment 
Events): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus 
Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for 
Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] 
(Specify 
for 
Zero 
Coupon Notes)/[●] (Specify an 
amount only)/[Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as 
part 
of 
a 
broader 
calculation) 
is 
applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs 
and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as 
part 
of 
a 
broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1099 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1099 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market 
Value 
is 
applicable)] 
[Additional 
Costs 
on 
account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(v) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Events 
relating to FX Rates where EMTA 
Provisions are Not Applicable: 
[Not Applicable] 
[FX Rate Part A Condition 4 (Additional 
Adjustment 
Events): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] 
(Specify 
for 
Zero 
Coupon Notes)/[] (Specify an 
amount only)/[Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
if 
Fair Market Value (itself 
or as part of a broader

--- Page 1100 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1100 
 
calculation) 
is 
applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs 
and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
if 
Fair Market Value (itself 
or as part of a broader 
calculation) 
is 
applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
if 
Fair Market Value is 
applicable)] 
[Additional 
Costs 
on 
account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(vi) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Events 
relating to FX Rates where EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
[Not Applicable] 
[FX Rate Part B Condition 4 (Additional 
Adjustment 
Events): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of

--- Page 1101 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1101 
 
Amount]/[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] 
(Specify 
for 
Zero 
Coupon Notes)/[●] (Specify an 
amount only)/[Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction of Hedge 
Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself 
or as part of a broader 
calculation) 
is 
applicable)]] 
[Deduction 
of 
Issuer 
Costs and Hedging and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself 
or as part of a broader 
calculation) 
is 
applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value is 
applicable)] 
[Additional 
Costs 
on 
account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Additional Early Redemption Event: 
 
(i) 
Hedging 
Disruption 
Early 
Termination Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early

--- Page 1102 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1102 
 
redemption]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] 
(Specify 
for 
Zero 
Coupon Notes)/[●] (Specify an 
amount only)/[Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as 
part 
of 
a 
broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs 
and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as 
part 
of 
a 
broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market 
Value 
is 
applicable)] 
[Additional 
Costs 
on 
account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Section 871(m) Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Section 
871(m) 
Event 
(Hedging 
Positions): [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal Amount plus

--- Page 1103 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1103 
 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] 
(Specify 
for 
Zero 
Coupon Notes)/[●] (Specify an 
amount only)/[Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as 
part 
of 
a 
broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs 
and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as 
part 
of 
a 
broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market 
Value 
is 
applicable)] 
[Additional 
Costs 
on 
account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(iii) 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
under Inflation Index Condition 5 
(Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Events): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal Amount plus

--- Page 1104 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1104 
 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] 
(Specify 
for 
Zero 
Coupon Notes)/[●] (Specify an 
amount only)/[Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as 
part 
of 
a 
broader 
calculation) 
is 
applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs 
and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as 
part 
of 
a 
broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market 
Value 
is 
applicable)] 
[Additional 
Costs 
on 
account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Realisation Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) [at 
maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value

--- Page 1105 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1105 
 
Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus 
Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for 
Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] 
(Specify 
for 
Zero 
Coupon Notes)/[●] (Specify an 
amount only)/[Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as 
part 
of 
a 
broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs 
and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as 
part 
of 
a 
broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market 
Value 
is 
applicable)] 
[Additional 
Costs 
on 
account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Underlying RMB Currency Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Always Not 
Applicable for Index Skew Notes) 
(i) 
[RMB Relevant Currency: 
[] 
(ii) 
RMB Relevant Currency Valuation 
Time: 
[] 
(iii) 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen 
Page: 
[]

--- Page 1106 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1106 
 
(iv) 
RMB Settlement Centre: 
[[] (Specify)]/[Hong Kong]] 
(v) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Fair Market Value]/[Principal Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
[at 
maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus Option 
Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
Option Value plus Option Value Accrued 
Interest (if any) at maturity with option for 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Best of Amount]/[Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[] (Specify an amount only) 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
if 
Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb 
(3)): Not Applicable] 
 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[If "Early Redemption following 
Administrator/Benchmark Event" 
is Applicable: 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) [at

--- Page 1107 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1107 
 
maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] 
(Specify 
for 
Zero 
Coupon Notes)/[] (Specify an 
amount only)/[Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount] 
 
[Deduction of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself 
or as part of a broader 
calculation) 
is 
applicable)]] 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Issuer 
Costs and Hedging and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself 
or as part of a broader 
calculation) 
is 
applicable)] 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value is 
applicable)] 
 
[Additional 
Costs 
on 
account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]]]] 
 
(Include where any Benchmark (as defined 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 
(Redemption 
or 
adjustment 
for 
an

--- Page 1108 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1108 
 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event)) 
is 
applicable in respect of the Notes) 
 
[Reference Rate Event Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] [Reference Rate(s): [As 
specified above]/[]] 
 
[Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii)): Not 
Applicable] 
 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference 
Rate(s): []/[Not Applicable] 
 
Reference 
Rate 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[If "Reference Rate Early Redemption" is 
Applicable: 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued 
interest (if any) [at maturity]]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal Amount plus accrued 
interest (if any) at maturity with option for 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
Option Value plus Option Value Accrued 
Interest (if any) at maturity with option for 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Best of Amount]/[Amortised 
Face Amount] (Specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[] (Specify an amount only)/[Index 
Skew Early Redemption Amount] 
 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
if 
Fair 
Market Value is applicable)]

--- Page 1109 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1109 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]]]] 
 
(Include where any Reference Rate (as 
defined in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 24 (Hierarchy Provisions and 
Adjustments)) is applicable in respect of the 
Notes) 
 
Form of Notes: 
[Registered Notes 
 
Regulation S Global Registered Note 
Certificate [(U.S.$[] principal amount)] 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/[a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
France]/Rule 
144A 
Global 
Registered Note Certificate [(U.S.$[] 
principal amount)] registered in the name 
of a nominee for [DTC/ a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg])] 
[Swedish Notes - insert details (including 
details of the Swedish Securities Issuing 
and Paying Agent and the provisions of the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement which apply to 
the Notes)] 
[Finnish Notes – insert details (including 
details of the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent)] 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Notes are French Law Notes, delete the above in its entirety 
and replace with the following: 
[Form of Notes: 
[French Bearer Notes (au porteur) / French 
Registered 
Notes 
in 
a 
registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif)] 
Representation of Noteholders / Masse: 
[Full Masse / Contractual Masse / 
Contractual Representation of Noteholders 
/ No Masse] 
(If "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse" is 
specified, specify the details of the initial 
Representative 
and 
the 
alternate 
Representative, 
if 
any, 
and 
their 
remuneration. 
Otherwise, 
delete 
the

--- Page 1110 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1110 
 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
initial 
Representative: [] 
[The Representative will receive no 
remuneration] / [The Representative will 
receive a remuneration of []]. 
 
Name and address of the alternate 
Representative: [] 
[The alternate Representative will receive 
no 
remuneration] 
/ 
[The 
alternate 
Representative will receive a remuneration 
of []]. 
 
[As long as the French Law Notes are held 
by a single Noteholder such Noteholder 
will exercise directly the powers delegated 
to the Representative and General Meetings 
of 
Noteholders 
under 
the 
General 
Conditions. A Representative shall be 
appointed when the French Law Notes of a 
Series are held by more than one 
Noteholder.] 
Identification information of Noteholders in 
relation to French Law Notes ([General 
Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and 
Title)]): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[No/Yes – New Safekeeping Structure 
applies] [Not Applicable] 
 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the 
definition of Business Day in General 
Condition 20 (Definitions)) 
 
Business Day Jurisdiction(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment for the purposes of the 
definition of Payment Day in General 
Condition 6(g) (Payment Days)) 
 
Redenomination: 
[Not 
Applicable/[Applicable: 
The 
provisions of General Condition 16 
(Redenomination) apply] 
 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/[The 
provisions 
of 
General Condition 12 (Further Issues) 
apply]

--- Page 1111 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1111 
 
 
Substitution provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable: 
The 
provisions of General Condition 15 
(Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor) 
apply] 
Additional Requirements: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[Additional French Law Notes Requirements: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
Additional provisions applicable to Italian 
Listed Certificates: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Expiry Date (Data di Scadenza) for 
the purposes of Borsa Italiana S.p.A.: 
[] 
(ii) 
Record Date: 
[] 
(iii) 
Minimum Trading Lot: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Applicable in respect of Italian Listed 
Certificates to be admitted to trading on 
SeDeX 
and/or 
EuroTLX 
only. 
The 
Minimum Trading Lot is as determined by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A.) 
 
Schedule A – Citigroup Inc. TLAC eligible 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Specify Applicable only where the Notes 
are issued by Citigroup Inc. and the Notes 
are intended to be TLAC eligible. Specify 
Not Applicable where the Notes are issued 
by Citigroup Inc. and the Notes are not 
intended to be TLAC eligible and for Notes 
issued by CGMHI or CGMFL)  
 
Name and address of Calculation Agent: 
[Citibank, N.A./Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited/Citigroup Global Markets Inc.] 
[(acting 
through 
its 
(specify) 
department/group 
(or 
any 
successor 
department/group))] at []] 
 
[Determination Agent: 
[Calculation Agent][]] 
(Specify 
an 
entity 
other 
than 
the 
Calculation Agent where the Calculation 
Agent 
is 
the 
Fiscal 
Agent. 
If 
no 
Determination Agent is specified, the 
Determination 
Agent 
will 
be 
the 
Calculation Agent)

--- Page 1112 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1112 
 
 
Determinations: 
 
(i) 
Standard: 
[Sole 
and 
Absolute 
Determination/Commercial 
Determination] 
(Specify 
"Commercial 
Determination" 
where "Determinations and Exercise of 
Discretion (BEC)" is applicable) 
(Specify 
"Commercial 
Determination" 
where the Notes are French Law Notes) 
(ii) 
Minimum 
Amount 
Adjustment 
Prohibition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Determinations and Exercise of Discretion 
(BEC): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" only where Notes 
are distributed to consumers in Belgium)] 
 
Governing law:  
[English Law/State of New York] 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
..........................................  
Duly authorised]24 
 
24  
Above signature block to be deleted and this document should not be signed unless there is a specific requirement to do so for the 
particular trade.

--- Page 1113 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1113 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
Admission to trading and listing 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made for 
the [Tranche []] Notes to be [listed to the official 
list and] admitted to trading on the [[regulated/Global 
Exchange Market/Euro MTF] market of] [Euronext 
Dublin]/ [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/ [the 
electronic "Bond Market" organised and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A.]/ [the multilateral trading 
facility 
of 
securitised 
derivative 
financial 
instruments, organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX")]/ [the multilateral 
trading facility of EuroTLX managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. ("EuroTLX")]/ [the Open Market 
(Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of ][the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG)] 
[the multilateral trading facility of the Vienna MTF 
managed by the Vienna Stock Exchange] with effect 
from on or around [][of the Tranche [] 
Notes]]/[Not Applicable] 
[No assurances can be given that such application for 
listing and admission to trading will be granted.] 
[Tranche [] of the Notes [has been/is expected to be] 
made for the Notes to be [listed to the official list and] 
admitted to trading on the [[regulated/Global 
Exchange Market/Euro MTF] market of] [Euronext 
Dublin]/ [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/ [the 
electronic "Bond Market" organised and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A.]/ [the multilateral trading 
facility 
of 
securitised 
derivative 
financial 
instruments, organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX")]/ [the multilateral 
trading facility of EuroTLX managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. ("EuroTLX")]/ [the Open Market 
(Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of][the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG)] 
[the multilateral trading facility of the Vienna MTF 
managed by the Vienna Stock Exchange] with effect 
from on or around [][of the Tranche [] 
Notes]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading) 
 
[Estimated 
expenses 
relating 
to 
admission to trading: 
[]]**

--- Page 1114 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1114 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes are [not] rated. [The rating of the Notes is: 
(i) 
[S&P: 
 
[]] 
(ii) 
[Moody's: 
[]] 
(iii) 
[Fitch:  
[]] 
(iv) 
[[Other]: []] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider]* 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). [As such [insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with such 
Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the United Kingdom 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder. [As 
such [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity] is included in the list of credit 
ratings agencies published by the Financial Conduct 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras) 
in 
accordance 
with such Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and is not registered in accordance 
with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is therefore not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
such Regulation.]

--- Page 1115 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1115 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-United 
Kingdom credit rating agency entity] is not 
established in the United Kingdom and is not 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder. 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-UK credit 
rating agency entity] is therefore not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
Financial Conduct Authority on its website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras) 
in 
accordance 
with such Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). The ratings have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant EU 
registered credit rating agency entity] in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation. [Insert the legal name 
of the relevant EU registered credit rating agency 
entity] is established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.[ As such 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU credit rating 
agency entity] is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation.]] The European Securities Markets 
Authority has indicated that ratings issued in [Japan / 
Australia / the USA / the UK / Canada / Hong Kong 
/ Singapore / Argentina / Mexico / Brazil / South 
Africa (delete as appropriate)] which have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant EU 
CRA entity that applied for registration] may be used 
in the European Union by the relevant market 
participants.] 
 
 
[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-UK credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the United 
Kingdom and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations 
made thereunder (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The 
ratings have been endorsed by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant UK-registered credit rating agency 
entity] in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
[Insert the legal name of the relevant UK-registered

--- Page 1116 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1116 
 
credit rating agency entity] is established in the 
United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation. [As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant UK credit rating agency entity] is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
Financial Conduct Authority on its website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras) 
in 
accordance 
with such Regulation.]] The Financial Conduct 
Authority has indicated that ratings issued in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/the 
EU/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/Brazil/South 
Africa (delete as appropriate)] which have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant UK 
CRA entity that applied for registration] may be used 
in the United Kingdom by the relevant market 
participants.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "EU CRA Regulation") but it [is]/[has applied 
to be] certified in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation[[EITHER:] and it is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation] [[OR:] although notification of the 
corresponding certification decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU credit rating agency entity] is not included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation]. 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-UK credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the United 
Kingdom and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations 
made thereunder (the "UK CRA Regulation") but it 
[is]/[has applied to be] certified in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation[[EITHER:] and it is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the Financial Conduct Authority on its website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras) 
in 
accordance

--- Page 1117 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1117 
 
with such Regulation] [[OR:] although notification of 
the corresponding certification decision has not yet 
been provided by the Financial Conduct Authority 
and [insert the legal name of the relevant non-UK 
credit rating agency entity] is not included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the Financial 
Conduct 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras) 
in 
accordance 
with such Regulation].] 
 
 
[[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is established in the European Union and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency] is not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs 
in 
accordance 
with 
such 
Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is established in the United Kingdom and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder, 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
Financial Conduct Authority [and [insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the Financial Conduct Authority on its website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras) 
in 
accordance 
with such Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). However, the 
application for registration under the EU CRA 
Regulation of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU credit rating agency entity that applied for 
registration], which is established in the European 
Union, disclosed the intention to endorse credit 
ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant non-
EU 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity][, 
although

--- Page 1118 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1118 
 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority and [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU credit rating agency 
entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non- UK credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the United 
Kingdom and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations 
made thereunder (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
However, the application for registration under the 
UK CRA Regulation of [insert the legal name of the 
relevant UK credit rating agency entity that applied 
for registration], which is established in the United 
Kingdom, disclosed the intention to endorse credit 
ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant non-
UK 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity][, 
although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the Financial 
Conduct Authority and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant UK credit rating agency entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the Financial Conduct Authority on its website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras) 
in 
accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation].] 
 
 
The European Securities Markets Authority has 
indicated that ratings issued in [Japan / Australia / the 
USA / the UK / Canada / Hong Kong / Singapore / 
Argentina / Mexico / Brazil / South Africa (delete as 
appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity that 
applied for registration] may be used in the European 
Union by the relevant market participants.]] 
The Financial Conduct Authority has indicated that 
ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the USA/the 
EU/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/ 
Mexico/Brazil/South Africa (delete as appropriate)] 
which have been endorsed by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant UK CRA entity that applied for 
registration] may be used in the United Kingdom by 
the relevant market participants.]]]

--- Page 1119 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1119 
 
 
 
[If reference is made to the ratings of Citigroup Inc. 
then insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity and the status of its application 
under the EU CRA Regulation or UK CRA 
Regulation (as applicable)] 
 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating) 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
 
[Save for any fees [insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to [the Dealer[s]/the 
distributors/specify][and]/Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions"]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer[. The [Dealers/distributors] and their affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the CGMHI Guarantor] [and the CGMFL 
Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests]]] 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation) 
4. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES] 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] 
[The 
Notes 
are 
[Green 
Bonds][Social 
Bonds][Social Finance Bonds]. [Insert further 
particulars 
if 
different 
from 
"Investment 
Considerations" section]] 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus/[]] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus, give details) 
(Where the Notes are Green Bonds, include further 
particulars, including a description of any Eligible 
Green Assets, where necessary)

--- Page 1120 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1120 
 
(Where the Notes are Social Bonds, include further 
particulars, including a description of the affordable 
housing assets, where necessary. Notes may only be 
Social Bonds if Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI is the 
Issuer) 
(Where the Notes are Social Finance Bonds, include 
further particulars, including a description of any 
Social Finance Assets, where necessary. Notes may 
only be Social Finance Bonds if Citigroup Inc. or 
CGMHI is the Issuer) 
 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
(For retail note, if proceeds are intended for more 
than one use will need to split out and present in 
order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding)] 
 
[(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[] 
(For retail notes, expenses are required to be broken 
down into each principal intended "use" and 
presented in order of priority of such "uses" For 
wholesale notes, provide an estimate of the total 
expenses related to the admission to trading)] 
5. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
[Indication of yield/Unified Yield Rate]: 
[specify rate or range of rates] 
(Specify Unified Yield Rate for Non-exempt Offers in 
the Republic of Hungary only) 
[Calculated as [include specific details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date]* 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE [UNDERLYING/RATE] 
 
[Details of the performance of [[EURIBOR/ NIBOR/ STIBOR/ CIBOR/ ROBOR/ TIBOR/ 
HIBOR/ BBSW/ BKBM] [CMS] rates] [SONIA Floating Rate] [SONIA Index Floating Rate] 
[SOFR Floating Rate] [SOFR Index Floating Rate] can be obtained [but not] free of charge from 
[[]/Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance]]*

--- Page 1121 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1121 
 
[Insert for any SOFR rate: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse, or recommend any 
products or services offered by the Issuer.] 
[Insert where you copy, publish, distribute and transmit information relating to SONIA; (ii) 
adapt information relating to SONIA; or (iii) exploit information commercially and non-
commercially in relation to SONIA,: Contains public sector information licensed under the Open 
Government Licence v3.0.] 
[Performance of Inflation Index of effect on value of investment and associated risks and 
other information concerning the Inflation Index: (Inflation Rate Notes and DIR Inflation 
Linked Notes only) 
[Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is 
affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident]* 
[Need to include details of where past and future performances and volatility of [the/each] index 
can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge]* 
[Need to include the name of [the/each] index need to include details of where the information 
about [the/each] index can be obtained] 
[Include any disclaimer wording required by the Index Sponsor(s)] 
 
[Effect of performance of FX [Performance] Rate on value of investment and associated 
risks and other information concerning the FX [Performance] Rate: (Range Accrual Notes 
which reference an FX Rate, FX Performance Notes, Notes for which a Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis applies and/or which are Lock-in Redemption Notes or Notes for which 
Mandatory Early Redemption applies (in each case, where a relevant reference/barrier is an FX 
Rate) and Dual Currency Notes only) 
[Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is 
affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident, where not 
already included in Base Prospectus]* 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the currency 
exchange rate can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free 
of charge] [Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the FX 
[Performance] Rate is electronically available [but not] free of charge from the applicable 
[Electronic Page/FX Perf Designated Page] specified for such FX [Performance] Rate in Part A 
above]] 
[Post Issuance Information 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1122 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1122 
 
 
CUSIP: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
WKN: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Valoren: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code]*, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code ]*, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme and DTC and 
the relevant identification number(s) 
and details relating to the relevant 
depositary, if applicable: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
references 
to 
the 
[Relevant 
Clearing 
System/(specify)] shall be deemed to be references to 
such clearing system] 
[The Notes will be accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited ("CREST") via the 
CREST Depository Interest ("CDI") mechanism] 
 
 
[Euroclear 
Sweden 
AB]/[Euroclear 
Finland 
Oy][Euroclear France S.A.] 
[The Italian Listed Certificates will also be cleared 
indirectly through Euronext Securities Milan S.p.A. 
through its bridge account] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [versus/free of] payment 
 
Names and address of the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if 
any): 
[Citibank Europe Plc (Sweden Branch), Stockholm, 
Sweden]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Names and address of the Finnish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if 
any): 
[Nordea Bank Abp, Aleksis Kiven Katu 3-5, 
Helsinki, Finland]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Names and address of the French 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if 
any): 
[Citibank 
Europe 
plc, 
Dublin, 
Ireland]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
* 
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable it is correct.

--- Page 1123 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1123 
 
 
[If no French Law Securities Registration Agent has been appointed, delete the following: 
 
Names and address of the French Law 
Securities Registration Agent (if any): 
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met]  
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[Not Applicable] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names [and 
addresses of the Lead Manager 
and the other Managers and 
underwriting commitments]*: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments and statement of portion 
not covered] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place

--- Page 1124 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1124 
 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers) 
 
(iii) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable][specify]] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
(vi) 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[None/[] per cent. [of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount]/[per 
Note]/No 
commissions 
and 
concessions are payable by the Issuer to the Dealer. 
The [(specify type of fee or commission)] payable by 
the Dealer to any distributor [is]/[shall not exceed] 
[] [of the Aggregate Principal Amount]/[per Note]. 
Investors can obtain more information about the fee 
by contacting the Dealer at the address set out 
herein/[up to] (specify) per cent. of the Aggregate 
Principal Amount which comprises the (specify type 
of fee or commission) payable to the [Authorised 
Offeror]. Investors can obtain more information 
about this fee by contacting the relevant [Authorised 
Offeror] or the Dealer at the relevant address(es) set 
out herein. It is anticipated that the exact amount of 
the (specify type of fee or commission) will be 
published by the Issuer on the website of Euronext 
Dublin on or around (specify). In addition to (specify 
any relevant offer price), the [Authorised Offeror] 
may charge investors in (specify) a (specify type of 
fee or commission) of [up to] (specify) per cent. of the 
Aggregate Principal Amount. Investors can obtain 
more information about this fee by contacting the 
[Authorised Offeror] at the address(es) set out herein] 
(Specify other applicable fee arrangements) 
 
(vii) 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland: 
Applicable[, other than with respect to offers of the 
Notes during [the period[s] []-[] (repeat as 
necessary)]] [or] [the duration of the applicable 
transition period under FinSA and its implementing 
ordinance]][Not Applicable]] 
(Include if Notes are offered in Switzerland) 
 
(viii) 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer [(the "[] Offer")] of 
the Notes may be made by [the Dealer(s)] [and] 
[]] [(the "[] Initial EEA Authorised 
Offeror(s)") other than pursuant to Article 1(4) 
and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation] 
[[and/or] other than pursuant to Article 36(1)

--- Page 1125 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1125 
 
FinSA] [and []] during the period from (and 
including) [] to (and including) [] (the "[] 
Offer Period")]] in [] ([])] [[and] any 
additional financial intermediaries who have or 
obtain the Issuer's consent to use the Base 
Prospectus and this Final Terms in connection 
with the Non-exempt Offer and who are identified 
on the Issuer's website at [www.[]] as an EEA 
Authorised Offeror] (together, being persons to 
whom the issuer has given consent, the "[] EEA 
Authorised Offeror(s)") other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation [and/or other than pursuant to Article 
36(1) FinSA] [and []] in [] during the period 
from [] until [] (the "[] Offer Period") 
[during [] (Specify any particular times on those 
days)] 
[Securities placed through door-to-door selling, 
pursuant to Article 30 of the Legislative Decree 24 
February 1998, no. 58 as subsequently amended (the 
"Financial Services Act"), will be offered during the 
Offer Period. Pursuant to article 30, paragraph 6 of 
the Financial Services Act, the validity and 
enforceability of the contracts entered into through 
door-to-door selling is suspended for a period of 
seven days after the investors' signature of the same. 
Within such period investors may communicate their 
withdrawal to the relevant [] Authorised Offeror 
without any charge or commission] (Insert where the 
Notes are offered in Italy and relevant)/ [] (other) 
 
 
(Specify for each jurisdiction in which a Non-exempt 
Offer is being undertaken and include details of 
terms relating to lengthening and/or shortening of 
offer period) 
 
 
Offers (if any) in any Member State other than the 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) will only be made 
pursuant to an exemption from the obligation under 
the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus 
 
 
["EEA Authorised Offeror(s)" means [] [and [
]].] 
 
 
["Initial EEA Authorised Offeror(s)" means [] 
[and []].] 
 
 
"Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)" means [Austria/ 
Belgium/ 
Cyprus/ 
the 
Czech 
Republic/ 
the 
Netherlands/ Finland/ France/ Germany/ Greece/ 
Hungary/ Italy/ Luxembourg/ Poland/ Portugal/ 
Spain/ Sweden]

--- Page 1126 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1126 
 
 
 
See further Paragraph 10 (Terms and conditions of 
the offer) below  
 
(ix) 
[General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable]] 
 
(x) 
[Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other conditions to 
which the consent given is subject] 
 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make the 
offer where there is no exemption from the obligation 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation to publish a 
prospectus in relevant jurisdictions. No such offer 
should be made in any relevant jurisdiction until 
those requirements have been met. Offers may only 
be made into jurisdictions in which the base 
prospectus 
(and 
any 
supplement) 
has 
been 
notified/passported)] 
 
(xi) 
[Withdrawal right according to 
Article 63(5) of the Swiss 
Financial Services Ordinance 
(FinSO): 
[Applicable. If an obligation to prepare a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus according to Article 56(5) 
FinSA is triggered during the Offer Period, investors 
who have already subscribed or agreed to purchase 
or subscribe for Notes before any such supplement to 
the Base Prospectus is published have the right to 
withdraw their subscriptions and acceptances within 
a period of two days from the publication of such 
supplement regardless of whether the Offer Period 
closes prior to the expiry of such two day period.] 
[Not Applicable]] 
(Include if Notes are offered in Switzerland and the 
Final Terms for the Notes is filed and deposited with 
a review body in Switzerland for entry on the list 
according to Article 64(5) FinSA) 
 
(xii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable[, other than with respect 
to offers of the Notes in [Specify jurisdiction(s) for 
which an EU PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during 
the period[s] []-[] (repeat as necessary)]] 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no 
key information document will be prepared other 
than in the relevant specified jurisdiction(s) for the 
relevant specified period(s), "Applicable" should be 
specified and details provided accordingly)

--- Page 1127 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1127 
 
 
(xiii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable [other than] [during the 
period[s] []-[] (repeat as necessary)]] 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no 
key information document will be prepared other 
than in the relevant specified jurisdiction(s) for the 
relevant specified period(s), "Applicable" should be 
specified and details provided accordingly) 
9. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION AND UK BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 
29(2) statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable]  
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]] (Repeat as necessary) 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert name of 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation.]/[the 
transitional 
provisions of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [insert name of administrator], as 
administrator of [insert name of benchmark] is not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration.] (Repeat as necessary)] 
 
 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears/does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation] (Repeat as necessary) 
10. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph 8(viii) above is specified to be Not Applicable) 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] / [](other) 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] / [](other) 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] / [](other) 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] / [](other)

--- Page 1128 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1128 
 
 
Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] / [](other) 
 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] / [](other) 
 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] / [](other) 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] / [](other) 
 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] / [](other) 
 
Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] / [](other) 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] / [](other) 
 
Name(s), 
address(es), 
legal 
entity 
identifier, docimile, legal form and law 
and country of incorporation to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the placers 
in the various countries where the offer 
takes place: 
[None/give details] / [](other) 
11. UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
 
[For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the Notes as [debt]/[prepaid 
forward contracts with associated payments]]. [The Notes are Non-U.S. Notes]. 
[The Issuer has determined that the Notes are Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or 
the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below for 
additional information with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to 
calculate the amounts of dividend equivalents for the Notes.]/[The Issuer has determined that the 
Notes are Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Notes is prior to 2027 and (ii) the 
Notes have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) consist solely of 
one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the Notes 
are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Notes are not Specified ELIs 
because (i) the Issue Date for the Notes is prior to 2027 and (ii) the Notes are not "delta-one"

--- Page 1129 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1129 
 
within the meaning of Section 871(m).]/[The Issuer has determined that the Notes are not 
Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 871(m).]/[The Issuer has determined that the 
Underlying(s) for the Notes consist solely of one or more indices whose sole U.S. equity 
components are Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the Notes 
are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) for the Notes consist 
solely of (i) one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and/or (ii) 
Underlying(s) that are neither U.S. equities nor indices that include U.S. equities and, therefore, 
that the Notes are not Specified ELIs.] [Additional 871(m) information]. 
[Include table below if (i) the Notes are Specified ELIs, or (ii) the Notes are not Specified ELIs 
based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test:  
Under
lying(s
) 
Underl
ying 
Securit
ies 
(Y/N) 
Qualified 
Index/Qu
alified 
Index 
Security 
(Y/N) 
Simpl
e 
Contr
act 
(Y/N) 
Delta 
(if 
Simple 
Contra
ct) 
Substa
ntial 
Equiva
lence 
Test (if 
not 
a 
Simple 
Contra
ct) 
Numb
er 
of 
Shares 
Multip
lied by 
Delta 
(if 
Simple 
Contra
ct) 
Initial 
Hedge 
(if 
applic
able) 
Additi
onal 
Sectio
n 
871(m) 
Inform
ation 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
] 
12. [EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN HOW THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT IS 
AFFECTED BY THE VALUE OF THE UNDERLYING(S) 
 
THE SCENARIO[S] AND FIGURES PRESENTED BELOW ARE FOR ILLUSTRATIVE 
PURPOSES ONLY. THE EXAMPLE[S] SHOWN BELOW MAY NOT HAVE AN EQUAL 
LIKELIHOOD OF OCCURRENCE. THE [INTEREST AMOUNT[S]] [AND] [EARLY 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND] REDEMPTION AMOUNT IN RESPECT OF EACH NOTE 
WILL BE CALCULATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AS 
SET OUT IN THE "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES" IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS AND THE FINAL TERMS IN PART A ABOVE. THE ISSUER[, GUARANTOR] 
AND DEALER MAKE NO REPRESENTATION THAT ANY OF THE SCENARIOS PROVIDED 
BELOW WILL OCCUR. 
[Include examples of complex payouts (if appropriate) to provide a clear and comprehensive 
explanation to help investors understand how the value of their investment is affected by the 
value of the Underlying(s)] 
[Include additional provisions, not required by the relevant securities note annex, which relate 
to the Underlying(s), per Annex 28 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980]]  
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable)  
13. [CREDIT LINKED NOTES INFORMATION (Credit Linked Notes only) 
 
Certain information in relation to [the][each] Reference Entity and [[Non-] Standard Reference 
Obligation][Reference Assets] (if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below.

--- Page 1130 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1130 
 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Notes, where no Reference Obligation or Reference Entity 
represents 20% or more of the basket or index of Reference Entities set out in a table (a) the 
names of the reference entities and (if different) issuers of the Reference Obligation; and (b) the 
ISIN of the Reference Obligation.  In respect of all other Credit Linked Notes insert: 
 
Name: 
[] 
 
Address: 
[] 
 
Country of incorporation: 
[] 
 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[] (For example financials, energy, insurance, 
manufacturing, 
construction, 
transport, 
media 
determined on the basis of available information on 
the Reference Entity) 
 
Market[(s)] on which securities are 
admitted to trading: 
[] 
 
[[Non-] 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation][Reference 
Assets] 
securities code: 
[] 
 
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to 
ascertain from information published by the relevant Reference Entity and repeated for each 
Reference Entity. Country of incorporation, industry and address will be N/A for a Sovereign 
Reference Entity and securities code (e.g. ISIN/CUSIP) will be N/A if there is no Reference 
Obligation/Reference Asset or it has no securities code. Note permissible markets for a 
Reference Entity's securities to be admitted to trading on are regulated markets, equivalent third 
country markets and SME Growth Markets. Include reference to Reference Assets above as 
appropriate for Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or [Local Access] Basket Credit 
Linked Notes.) 
 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and future performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] specified above is available [free of charge/at 
a charge] from [internationally recognised electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg 
and any web-site of such Reference Entity]. 
 
(Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)] 
Notes: 
* 
Delete if the minimum denomination is greater than or equal to EUR100,000 (or its 
equivalent) 
** 
Delete if the minimum denomination is less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent)

--- Page 1131 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1131 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS DRAFTING NOTES SCHEDULE 1 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 10(i) (Automatic Change of Interest Basis) of the Pro Forma Final 
Terms, as required) 
Interest Basis Table 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s) / 
Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
[MIB [Interest 
Period End Date(s) 
/ Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
Type of Notes 
[specify date] 
[specify date] 
[Yes][No] 
[Fixed Rate Notes/Floating Rate 
Notes/Inflation Rate Notes/DIR 
Inflation Linked Notes [that are 
DIR Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes][and][in respect of which 
a DIR Linked Redemption 
Amount is applicable]/CMS 
Interest Linked Notes/Inverse 
Floating Rate Notes/Range 
Accrual Notes/Digital [Band] 
Notes/Spread Notes/Volatility 
Bond Notes/Synthetic Forward 
Rate Notes/Previous Coupon 
Linked Notes/and FX 
Performance Notes/and Reserve 
Coupon Notes/and Restructure 
Interest Rate Notes/and Global 
Interest Floor Notes/and Global 
Interest Cap Notes] [The Notes 
are also Lock-in Redemption 
Notes] [The Notes are also Rate 
Linked Redemption Notes] [The 
Notes are also Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes] [The Notes 
are Zero Coupon Notes and do 
not bear or pay any interest] 
[The Notes are Credit Linked 
Notes] [The Notes are [also] 
Lock-in Redemption 
Notes/[and] Rate Linked 
Redemption Notes/[and] Dual 
Currency Notes] (For MIB 
Interest Period(s) or MIB 
Interest Payment Date(s), 
specify each type of interest 
basis that applies for such 
period or date) 
[specify date] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify date] 
(repeat as required) 
[Yes][No] 
[specify] (repeat as required)". 
 
Interest Basis Table 
Interest 
Commencement Date 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
Type of Notes 
[specify date] 
[specify date] 
[Fixed Rate Notes/Floating Rate 
Notes/Inflation Rate Notes/DIR Inflation

--- Page 1132 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1132 
 
Interest Basis Table 
Interest 
Commencement Date 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
Type of Notes 
Linked Notes [that are DIR Inflation 
Linked Interest Notes][and][in respect of 
which a DIR Linked Redemption Amount 
is applicable]/CMS Interest Linked 
Notes/Inverse Floating Rate Notes/Range 
Accrual Notes/Digital [Band] 
Notes/Spread Notes/Volatility Bond 
Notes/Synthetic Forward Rate 
Notes/Previous Coupon Linked Notes/and 
FX Performance Notes/and Reserve 
Coupon Notes/and Restructure Interest 
Rate Notes/and Global Interest Floor 
Notes/and Global Interest Cap Notes] [The 
Notes are also Lock-in Redemption Notes] 
[The Notes are also Rate Linked 
Redemption Notes] [The Notes are also 
Interest Linked Redemption Notes] [The 
Notes are Zero Coupon Notes and do not 
bear or pay any interest] [The Notes are 
Credit Linked Notes] [The Notes are 
[also] Lock-in Redemption Notes/[and] 
Rate Linked Redemption Notes/[and] 
Dual Currency Notes] 
[specify date] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify date] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as required) 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 13(ii)(I) (Underlying Linked Notes – Particulars in respect of 
each Underlying – Mandatory Early Redemption determined by reference to an FX Rate) of the Pro 
Forma Final Terms, as required) 
Dual Currency Note Table 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] (repeat as required) 
[specify date] (repeat as required) 
 
[Optional Redemption Date(s) 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] (repeat as required) 
[specify date] (repeat as required)] 
 
[Scheduled] Maturity Date 
Specified DC Valuation Date

--- Page 1133 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1133 
 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[specify date] 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 13(ii)(K) (Underlying Linked Notes – Particulars in respect of 
each Underlying – FX Performance Notes) of the Pro Forma Final Terms, as required) 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Table] 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s) 
Specified MER Determination Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] (repeat as required) 
[specify date] (repeat as required) 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 13(ii)(L) (Underlying Linked Notes– Particulars in respect of 
each Underlying – Lock-in Change of Interest Basis determined by reference to an FX Rate) of the Pro 
Forma Final Terms, as required) 
[Lock-in Change of Interest Basis Table] 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] [Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
Specified Lock-in Determination Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] (repeat as required) 
[specify date] (repeat as required) 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 14(i)(A) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final 
Terms, as required) 
[Interest Table] 
[Interest Payment Date(s)] 
[Interest Amount/Broken Amount] 
[] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[[] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 14(i)(A) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final 
Terms, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Specified Fixed 
Rate(s)] 
[Margin]25 
[Interest 
Participation Rate]26 
 
25  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
26  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 1134 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1134 
 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Amount]27 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in each 
year] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] (repeat as 
required) 
[] per cent. per annum 
(repeat as required) 
[Not Applicable / [+/-
][] per cent. per 
annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 14(i)(B) (Floating Rate Note Provisions) or paragraph 14(vii) 
(Volatility Bond Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final Terms if more than one Floating Interest Rate 
is applicable and Screen Rate Determination, SONIA Floating Rate Determination,  SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination, €STR Floating Rate Determination or SARON Floating Rate Determination is applicable 
or, if more than one forward rate is applicable, as required) 
[Reference Rate Table] 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Reference Rate 
[Page 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]28 
[Interest 
Determinatio
n Date(s)]29 
[Forward 
Rate 
Reference 
Banks] 
[Specified 
Time]30 
[Compounding 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] 
[in 
each 
year] 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]
/not 
adjusted]] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 6(
h) (Business 
Day 
Convention)
)] 
[[] 
month 
[(the 
"Designated 
Maturity") 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] 
[insert 
currency] [EURIBOR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / 
CIBOR / ROBOR / 
TIBOR 
/ 
HIBOR] 
[BBSW 
(being 
the 
Sydney average mid 
rate for AUD bills of 
exchange)] 
[BKBM 
(being the Wellington 
rate for New Zealand 
Dollar 
bills 
of 
exchange)]] [SONIA] 
[SOFR] 
[€STR] 
[SARON] 
[insert 
details 
of 
implied 
forward rate] 
[]] 
[] 
[] 
[SONIA/SOFR/
€STR/SARON] 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
applies] 
(If 
applicable, 
include 
the 
Compounding 
Table below) 
 
Compounding Table 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Reference
Rate 
Page 
Compounding Method Observatio
n Look-
Back 
Period 
Index 
Determinatio
n 
Interest 
Determinatio
n Dates 
Delayed 
Payment 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily 
 
27  
Insert for Range Accrual Notes where Minimum/Maximum Interest Amount is specified for any Interest Period/Interest Payment Date. 
28  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
29  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
30  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 1135 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1135 
 
Floored 
Rate 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] 
[in each 
year] 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day
Convention]] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(g) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))
] 
[SONIA] 
[SOFR] 
[€STR] 
[SARON] 
[] [Not 
Applicable]
[Compounded Daily 
SONIA ([Shift/Lag]) - 
Applicable] [SOFR] 
[€STR] [SARON] [OIS 
Compounding/Compound
ing with 
Lookback/Compounding 
with Observation Period 
Shift] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[] [U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days] [T2 
Business 
Days] 
[Zurich 
Banking 
Days]] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[] [As 
specified in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 5(h)
(Definitions)] 
 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Delayed 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): [[] 
[U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days] [T2 
Business 
Days] 
[Zurich 
Banking 
Days]] [As 
specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(h) 
(Definitions)
] 
[[€STR] 
[SARON] 
Reference 
Rate Cut-Off
Date: [] [2]
[T2 Business
Days] 
[Zurich 
Banking 
Days]] 
[Not 
Applicable]
 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[]%] 
 
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[]%] 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(i)(B) (Floating Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final 
Terms if more than one Floating Interest Rate and ISDA Determination is applicable, as required) 
[Floating Rate Table] 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s) 
ISDA 
Definition
s and 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
Designat
ed 
Maturit
y 
Reset 
Date 
 
[Payment 
Date] 
[Period 
End 
Date/Termi
nation 
Date] 
Adjustmen
t for 
Unschedule
d Holiday: 
 
Delaye
d 
Payme
nt 
 
Compounding 
/Averaging 
 
Index 
Provisions 
 
[Business 
Days (for 
the 
purposes 
of the 
ISDA 
Definition
s) 
 
Floored 
ISDA 
[Rate][A
mount] 
 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolati
on

--- Page 1136 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1136 
 
[Intere
st 
Payme
nt 
Date(s
) / [] 
[in 
each 
year] 
[adjust
ed in 
accord
ance 
with 
[specif
y 
Busine
ss Day 
Conve
ntion]] 
[No 
Adjust
ment] 
[(See 
Gener
al 
Condit
ion 
6(h) 
(Busin
ess 
Day 
Conve
ntion))
] 
[2006] 
[2021] 
Definiti
ons:[] 
[
][Not 
Appli
cable
] 
[] 
[First 
day of 
the 
releva
nt 
Intere
st 
Period
] 
[subje
ct to 
adjust
ment 
in 
accord
ance 
with 
the 
[specif
y 
Busin
ess 
Day 
Conve
ntion]
] 
(See 
parag
raph 
14(i)(
B) for 
additi
onal 
option
s) 
[Applica
ble][Not 
Applica
ble] 
[] 
[Appl
icable
] [Not 
Appli
cable] 
[Dela
yed 
Intere
st 
Paym
ent 
Date(
s): 
[]] 
[Applicable]
[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
applicable, 
include the 
Compoundin
g/Averaging 
Table 
below) 
[Applica
ble][Not 
Applica
ble] 
(If 
applicab
le, 
include 
the 
Index 
Provisio
ns Table 
below) 
[[As 
set out 
in the 
[2006]
[2021] 
[Defini
tions]]] 
[Applica
ble][Not 
Applica
ble] 
[Applica
ble][Not 
Applica
ble] 
 
[Compounding/Averaging Table] 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compoun
ding 
Method 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method 
Lookback Observati
on Period 
Shift 
Lockout [Average 
Rate 
Fixing 
Day 
Delayed 
Payment 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate 
[Day 
Count 
Basis 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / 
[] [in 
each year] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordanc
e with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Conventio
n]] [No 
Adjustmen
t] [(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Conventio
n))] 
[] 
[OIS 
Compound
ing/Comp
ounding 
with 
Lookback/
Compound
ing with 
Observatio
n Period 
Shift/Com
pounding 
with 
Lockout/N
ot 
Applicable
] 
[Overnight 
Averaging
/Averagin
g with 
Lookback/
Averaging 
with 
Observatio
n Period 
Shift/Aver
aging with 
Lockout/N
ot 
Applicable
] 
[[] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in the 
[2006][20
21] 
Definition
s]/[Not 
Applicable
] 
[[] 
Observatio
n Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days] /[As 
specified 
in the 
[2006][20
21] 
Definition
s]/[Not 
Applicable
] 
[Set-in-
Advance: 
[Applicabl
e/Not 
Applicable
] 
[Observati
on Period 
Shift 
Additional 
[[] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in the 
[2006][20
21] 
Definition
s]/[Not 
Applicable
] 
[]] 
[Applic
able] 
[Not 
Applica
ble] 
[Delaye
d 
Interest 
Paymen
t 
Date(s): 
[]] 
[Applicabl
e]/[Not 
Applicable
] 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[]%] 
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[]%] 
[[]]

--- Page 1137 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1137 
 
Business 
Days: 
[]/[Not 
Applicable
]] 
 
[Index Provisions Table] 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
Index Method 
[Day 
Count 
Basis 
Delayed 
Payment 
Daily Capped 
Rate and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in 
each 
year] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business Day 
Convention]] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
[(See General 
Condition 6(h) 
(Business Day 
Convention))] 
[] 
[Standard 
Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index Method with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/[As specified in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions] 
[Observation Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: []]] 
[] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Delayed 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[]] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: []%] 
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: []%] 
 
(Insert table below into paragraphs 14(i)(B) (Floating Rate Note Provisions), 14(i)(C) (Inflation Rate 
Note Provisions), 14(i)(D) (DIR Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions:), 14(i)(E) (CMS Interest 
Linked Note Provisions) or 14(v) (Inverse Floating Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final Terms 
if there is more than one Margin, Interest Participation Rate or Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate (as 
applicable) for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Inverse Fixed 
Rate / Inverse 
Reference 
Rate / 
[Margin 
[(Inverse 
Floating 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate [(Inverse 
Floating 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Interest Rate]34 
 
34  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 1138 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1138 
 
Specified Rate 
1 / Specified 
Rate 2]31 
Interest 
Rate)]]32 
Interest 
Rate)]]33 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate]35 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Interest 
Amount]36 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in each 
year] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(i)(E) (CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Final Terms if "Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate" is applicable and there is 
more than one Margin 1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 or 
Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as applicable) in respect of CMS Reference Rate 1 and CMS 
Reference Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
 
CMS Reference Rate 1 
CMS Reference Rate 2 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Margi
n 1]37 
[Interest 
Participat
ion Rate 
1]38 
[Minimum/Maxi
mum Reference 
Rate]39 
[Margi
n 2]40 
[Interest 
Participat
ion Rate 
2]41 
[Minimum/Maxi
mum Reference 
Rate]42 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] 
[in 
each 
year] 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]
/not 
adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applica
ble / [+/-
][] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required
) 
[] / [Not 
Applicable
] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Not 
Applica
ble / [+/-
][] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required
) 
[] / [Not 
Applicable
] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
 
 
31  
Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes if different for each Interest Period/Interest Payment Date. 
32  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
33  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
35  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
36  
Insert for Inflation Rate Notes or Range Accrual Notes if the Minimum/Maximum Interest Amount specified is different for each 
Interest Period/Interest Payment Date.  
37  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
38  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
39  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
40  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
41  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
42  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 1139 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1139 
 
(Insert table below into paragraphs 14(ii) (Range Accrual Note Provisions) or 14(v) (Inverse Floating 
Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final Terms if there is more than one Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate for different Interest Periods, as required) 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[reference 
rate][one[s]]43 
[Inverse Reference 
Rate]44 
[reference 
rate][two[s]]45 
[Specified Rate 1]46 
[Specified Rate 2]47 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]48 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]49 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]50 
[Insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 14(ii) (Range Accrual Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final 
Terms if the Interest Rate, the Barrier or the Upper Range and Lower Range is different for each Interest 
Period, as required)  
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[Reference 
Observation]* 
[Interest Rate]* 
[Barrier] [Upper 
Range] 
[Lower Range] 
[Insert date(s)] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*Insert additional columns for "Interest Rate" and "Reference Observation" for each Interest Period 
if different 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(ii) (Range Accrual Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final Terms 
if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, and if the Interest Rate, 
Barrier 1 and Barrier 2, or the Upper Range 1 and Lower Range 1, Upper Range 2 and Lower Range 2, 
as applicable, is different for each Interest Period, as required) 
 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interes
t Period 
End 
Date(s) 
[Interes
t Rate] 
Accrual Condition 1 
Accrual Condition 2 
[Accrual Condition 3 
[Barrier 1] 
[Lower 
Range 1] 
[Reference 
Observatio
n 1]* 
[Upper 
Range 
1] 
[Barrier 2] 
[Lower 
Range 2] 
[Reference 
Observatio
n 2]* 
[Upper 
Range 
2] 
[Barrier 3] 
[Lower 
Range 3] 
[Reference 
Observatio
n 3]* 
[Upper 
Range 
3] 
[Insert 
date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)] 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)] 
 
43  
Insert for Range Accrual Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
44  
Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
45  
Insert for Range Accrual Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
46  
Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
47  
Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
48  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
49  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
50  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 1140 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1140 
 
*Insert additional columns for "Reference Observation 1" under the heading "Accrual Condition 1", 
"Reference Observation 2" under the heading "Accrual Condition 2" and "Reference Observation 
3" under the heading "Accrual Condition 3", for each Interest Period if different. 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(ii) (Range Accrual Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final Terms 
if "Lev", Adj", "RA Cap", "RA Floor" and/or "Protection Level" are different for each Interest Period, 
as required) 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Lev 
Adj 
RA Cap 
RA Floor 
[Protection 
Level 
[Insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)] 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(vi) (Spread Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final Terms if 
Relevant Spread Rate, or the Margin (Spread Interest Rate), Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest 
Rate), Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate in respect of the Relevant Spread Rate for 
each Interest Period is different) 
[Rate Table for Spread Note Provisions] 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] 
[Relevant 
Spread 
Rate]51 
[Margin (Spread 
Interest Rate)]52 
[Interest 
Participation Rate 
(Spread Interest 
Rate)]53 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate]54 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / [] 
[in each year] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[No] [Option 
One] / [Spread 
Cap] 
applicable 
[Not Applicable / 
[+/-][] per cent. per 
annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(vi) (Spread Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final Terms if 
Spread Rate 1 Margin, Spread Rate 2 Margin, Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate, Spread Rate 2 
Interest Participation Rate, Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate for each Interest 
Period is different) 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s) 
[Spread Rate 1] 
[Spread Rate 2] 
[Spread Rate 3]* 
[Spread Rate 1 
Margin] 
[Spread Rate 1 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate]55 
[Minimum/Maxim
[Spread Rate 2 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 3 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 2 
Interest Participation 
Rate] [Spread Rate 3 
Interest Participation 
Rate]56 
 
51  
Insert if different for each Interest Period. 
52  
Insert if Margin (Spread Interest Rate) is different for each Interest Period. 
53  
Insert if Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) is different for each Interest Period. 
54  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate is not applicable or is the same for all Interest Periods. 
55  
Insert additional columns for Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate or Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate if different for each 
 
Interest Period. 
56  
Insert additional columns for Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate or Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate if different for each 
 
Interest Period.

--- Page 1141 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1141 
 
um Reference 
Rate]* 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]* 
[Insert 
date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
+/- [specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
+/- [specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*Insert, if applicable, an additional column for "Spread Rate 3", and additional columns for 
"Spread Rate 3 Margin", "Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate" and/or "Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate" if different for each Interest Period. 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(viii) (Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Final Terms if Relevant SF Rate, or the Margin (SF Interest Rate), Interest Participation Rate (SF 
Interest Rate), Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate in respect of the Relevant SF Rate 
for each Interest Period is different) 
[Rate Table for Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Relevant SF Rate]57 
[Margin (SF Interest 
Rate)]58 
[Interest 
Participation Rate 
(SF Interest Rate)]59 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate]60 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in each 
year] [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Synthetic Forward 
Option One] / 
[Synthetic Forward 
Option Two] 
[Not Applicable / [+/-
][] per cent. per 
annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(viii) (Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Final Terms if Rate 1 Margin, Rate 2 Margin, Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate, Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate, SF Rate 1 Margin, SF Rate 2 Margin, SF Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate, SF Rate 
2 Interest Participation Rate, Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate for each 
Interest Period is different) 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[SF] [Rate 1]* 
[SF] [Rate 2]* 
[SF] [Rate 1 
Margin]* 
[SF] [Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate]* 
[SF] 
[Rate 2 
Margin]* 
[SF] [Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate]* 
[Insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
+/- [specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
+/- 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*Insert, if applicable, additional columns if different for each Interest Period. 
 
57  
Insert if different for each Interest Period. 
58  
Insert if Margin (SF Interest Rate) is different for each Interest Period. 
59  
Insert if Interest Participation Rate (SF Interest Rate) is different for each Interest Period. 
60  
Insert if Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate is different for each Interest Period.

--- Page 1142 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1142 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(ix) (Previous Coupon Linked Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Final Terms if the Previous Coupon Reference Rate, Rate 1 and Rate 2 for each Interest Period or 
Interest Payment Date is different) 
 
[Rate Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] [Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Payment Date] 
[Margin (Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate)]61 
[Interest 
Participation Rate 
(Previous Coupon 
Linked Interest 
Rate)]62 
[Previous Coupon 
Reference Rate] 
[Rate 1]63 [Rate 2]64 
[Minimum / 
Maximum Interest 
Rate]65 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in each 
year] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance with [specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Not Applicable / [+/-] [
] per cent. per annum] 
(repeat as required)  
Previous 
Coupon[, 
[plus/minus] [(i)] Rate 
1][, multiplied by Rate 1 
Participation 
Rate] 
[, 
[plus/minus] (ii) Rate 
2][, multiplied by Rate 2 
Participation 
Rate] 
(repeat as required)  
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/JPY 
10:00/JPY 
15:00/USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
Designated Maturity: [] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: []] 
Relevant Time: [] 
Reference Currency: [] 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): [] 
Page: []] 
 (insert if required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(ix) (Previous Coupon Linked Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Final Terms if the Rate 1 Participation Rate, Rate 2 Participation Rate, Minimum / Maximum Reference 
Rate for each Interest Period or Interest Payment Date is different) 
 
[Rate Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
Previous Coupon Reference Rate 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] [Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Payment Date] 
Rate 1 
Rate 2 
[Rate 1 
Participation 
Rate]66 
[Minimum / 
Maximum 
[Rate 2 
Participation 
Rate]68 
[Minimum / 
Maximum 
 
61  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
62  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
63  
Delete if Rate 1 for a Previous Coupon Reference Rate is the same for all Interest Periods. 
64  
Delete if Rate 2 for a Previous Coupon Reference Rate is the same for all Interest Periods. 
65  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
66  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
68  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 1143 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1143 
 
Reference 
Rate]67 
Reference 
Rate]69 
[Insert date(s)] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required)] 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(x) (FX Performance Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Final 
Terms if the Reserve Coupon Rate for each Interest Period or Interest Payment Date is different) 
[FX Performance Table for FX Performance Notes] 
[Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s)] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
[FX Performance 
1] 
[FX 
Performanc
e Valuation 
Date 1] 
[FX Performance 
2] 
[FX 
Performanc
e Valuation 
Date 2] 
FX 
Performanc
e 
Participatio
n rate 
[Insert 
date(s)] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[] / FX 
Performance 1 
shall be 
determined by 
reference to the 
Underlying 
specified in 
paragraph 13(ii) 
above / The rate 
determined as set 
out in paragraph 
15(B) above]  
(repeat as 
required) 
[[] / Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[] / FX 
Performance 2 
shall be 
determined by 
reference to the 
Underlying 
specified in 
paragraph 13(ii) 
above / The rate 
determined as set 
out in paragraph 
15(C) above] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[] / Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[] / Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
 
 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 20(iv) (Mandatory Early Redemption) of the Pro Forma Final Terms 
if the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount for each Mandatory Early Redemption Date is different) 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Table] 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date(s) 
Specified MER 
Determination 
Date(s) 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount 
[TARN Rate] 
[Insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required) 
[Insert date(s)] (repeat 
as required) 
[Specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[Specify] 
(repeat as required)  
 
67  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
69  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 1144 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1144 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS DRAFTING NOTES SCHEDULE 2 
(Details of Reference Rate(s) (or Specified Rate(s) in the case of Inverse Floating Rate Notes) to be 
inserted into the Pro Forma Final Terms, as required)  
 
[Reference Rate [One(s)]/Specified Rate [One] 
(Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Forward Rate] 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest 
Rate) [Specified Fixed Rate: (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] per cent. per annum 
• 
[Margin (for the Specified Fixed Rate):] 
(delete if not applicable) 
[] 
• 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
Specified Fixed Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating Interest 
Rate) [Manner in which the Floating Interest 
Rate(s) is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination 
/ 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
 
/ 
SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination] 
/ 
[€STR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination] 
/ 
[SARON 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination] applies] 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating Interest 
Rate 
and 
Screen 
Rate Determination 
is 
applicable) [Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
[Reference Rate: 
[Insert currency] [EURIBOR / STIBOR / NIBOR 
/ CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] [BBSW 
(being the Sydney average mid rate for AUD bills 
of exchange)] [BKBM (being the Wellington rate 
for New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)] [As 
set out in the Reference Rate Table] (if more than 
one interest rate, specify Interest Period End 
Dates to which each interest rate applies by 
inserting a Reference Rate Table, the form of 
which is set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[] month[s] [(the "Designated Maturity") 
(Include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] [Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
• 
Specified Time: 
[] [As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table]

--- Page 1145 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1145 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[] [As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
• 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)][Specified 
Lock-in 
Determination Date(s)][Specified MER 
Determination Date(s)]: 
[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: 
[Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s)]/[specify] day on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in [(specify)] prior to the start of each Interest 
Period/First 
day 
of 
each 
Interest 
Period/[(specify)] day on which T2 is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period] [As specified 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) 
(Definitions)] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
• 
Page: 
[] 
• 
[Margin (for the Screen Rate):] (delete if 
not applicable) 
[] 
• 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
Screen Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating Interest 
Rate and ISDA Determination is applicable) 
[ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions][2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
(Where 
the 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
are 
Applicable, note that the Conditions have been 
reviewed in relation to Version 8 dated 10 March 
2023 of the 2021 Definitions and the Floating 
Rate Matrix. If a later version is to be followed, 
the Conditions should be reviewed carefully to 
ensure compatibility with the relevant ISDA Rate 
before use) 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[](Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are 
Applicable, ensure this is a Floating Rate Option 
included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[][Not Applicable] (A Designated Maturity 
period is not relevant where the relevant Floating 
Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option)

--- Page 1146 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1146 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[][First day of the relevant Interest Period] [Last 
day of the relevant Interest Period] (Specify for a 
Compounded/Average Floating Rate Option, an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option which has an 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method 
or a Compounded Index Floating Rate option) 
[The first day of the next following Interest 
Period (other than the Final Interest Period, in 
which case, the Reset Date will be the 
[Scheduled] Maturity Date/Arrears Setting] 
(Specify the first option if Arrears Setting applies 
under the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the second 
option under the 2006 Definitions) [subject to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business Day Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert 
same Business Day Convention as for Interest 
Period End Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies 
to such dates, in which case delete the reference 
to Business Day Convention so that relevant 
ISDA fallbacks relating to Business Day 
Conventions will apply) 
• 
Fixing Day: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 
2006 Definitions apply) 
• 
Fixing Time: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 
2006 Definitions apply) 
• 
Payment 
Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(b)(i)(2)(a)//Not 
Applicable] [As set out in the Floating Rate 
Table] [] (Specify any other adjustment that 
should apply) 
• 
Period End Date/Termination Date 
adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
• 
[Business Day (for the purposes of the 
ISDA Definitions): 
[][As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006] 
[2021] 
Definitions]] 
• 
Floored ISDA Rate/Floored Interest 
Amount: 
[Floored 
[ISDA 
Rate]/[Interest 
Amount]: 
Applicable][Not Applicable] 
• 
Compounding/Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" or "Overnight Rate

--- Page 1147 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1147 
 
Averaging Method" is applicable. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
− 
Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not 
Applicable] 
− 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
− 
Lookback: 
[[] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable 
only 
for 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback or Averaging with Lookback) 
− 
Observation Period Shift: 
[[] Observation Period Shift Business Days] 
/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [*]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable 
only 
for 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift) 
− 
Lockout: 
[[] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] (Applicable only for Compounding 
with Lockout or Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [*]/ [Applicable 
Business Days]] (Specify Applicable Business 
Days unless the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
− 
[Average Rate Fixing Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period or 
in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]/[The day [] Applicable 
Business Days preceding the [Reset Date]/[first 
day of the next following Interest Period or in the 
case of the final Interest Period, the Termination 
Date]]] (Only include if the 2006 Definitions

--- Page 1148 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1148 
 
apply and the specified Floating Rate Option is a 
Published Average Rate)] 
− 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Floating Rate Table] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [] Business 
Days] 
− 
Daily Capped Rate and/or 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable 
only 
for 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method or 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging Method.) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate 
and Daily Floored Rate prompts below) 
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%] 
− 
[Day Count Basis: 
[]] (Only relevant where an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" applies or the "Index 
Provisions" are specified as Applicable If not 
included this will be the denominator of the Day 
Count Fraction) 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
− 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (May only be selected if 
the 2021 Definitions are specified)/[All-in] 
Compounded Index Method/Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift/[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Not Applicable should be specified unless the 
standard position under the ISDA Definitions is 
to be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: []]]

--- Page 1149 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1149 
 
− 
[Day Count Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the denominator 
of the Day Count Fraction) 
• 
ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable (Specify the Shorter Designated 
Maturity 
and 
the 
Longer 
Designated 
Maturity)][Not Applicable]] 
• 
[Margin (for the ISDA Rate):] (delete if 
not applicable) 
[] 
• 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
ISDA Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
(Insert if Reference Rate is a SONIA Floating 
Rate) [SONIA Floating Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Reference Rate: 
SONIA 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
• 
Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
• 
Page: 
[]/[SONIAOSR=][Not Applicable] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Insert where Index Determination does not 
apply: Fifth London Banking Day prior to the end 
of each Interest Period]  
[Insert where Index Determination applies: The 
day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant Final Interest 
Period End Date for which purpose "Relevant 
Number" means [insert number being two or 
greater][] 
• 
[Margin (for the SONIA Floating 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
• 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
SONIA Floating Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[]

--- Page 1150 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1150 
 
(Insert if Reference Rate is a SOFR Floating Rate 
or SOFR Index Floating Rate) [SOFR Floating 
Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
SOFR  
• 
Compounding Method: 
[Not Applicable/SOFR OIS Compounding/SOFR 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback/SOFR 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift]  
(Specify 
not 
applicable 
where 
Index 
Determination is applicable) 
• 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days]  
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is SOFR OIS Compounding or Index 
Determination is applicable. N.B. must be at least 
two such relevant days to allow clearing system 
payments) 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index 
Determination: 
Second 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date] []  
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant Final Interest Period 
End Date and "Relevant Number" means [insert 
number being two or greater]] []  
• 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
(Applicable where SOFR OIS Compounding is 
the Compounding Method) 
• 
Daily Capped Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] 
• 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 1151 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1151 
 
• 
[Margin (for the SOFR Floating Rate or 
SOFR Index Floating Rate):] (delete if 
not applicable) 
[] 
• 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
SOFR Floating Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
(Insert if Reference Rate is a €STR Floating Rate) 
[€STR Floating Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
€STR 
• 
Page: 
[] 
• 
Compounding Method: 
[€STR OIS Compounding/€STR Compounding 
with 
Lookback/€STR 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift] 
• 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] T2 Business Days] 
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is €STR OIS Compounding. N.B. must be 
at least two such relevant days to allow clearing 
system payments) 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[] [As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] (Applicable only 
where 
€STR 
OIS 
Compounding 
is 
the 
Compounding Method) 
• 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [[] T2 
Business Days] [As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] 
€STR Reference Rate Cut-Off Date: [] [2] T2 
Business Days] 
(Applicable where €STR OIS Compounding is the 
Compounding Method) 
• 
Daily Capped Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
• 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
• 
[Margin (for the €STR Floating Rate):] 
(delete if not applicable) 
[]

--- Page 1152 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1152 
 
• 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
€STR Floating Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
(Insert if Reference Rate is a SARON Floating 
Rate) [SARON Floating Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
SARON 
• 
Page: 
[] 
• 
Compounding Method: 
[SARON 
OIS 
Compounding/ 
SARON 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback/ 
SARON 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift] 
• 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] Zurich Banking Days] 
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is SARON OIS Compounding. N.B. must 
be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[] [As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] (Applicable only 
where SARON OIS Compounding is the 
Compounding Method) 
• 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [[] Zurich 
Banking Days] [As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] 
SARON Reference Rate Cut-Off Date: [] [2] 
Zurich Banking Days] 
(Applicable where SARON OIS Compounding is 
the Compounding Method) 
• 
Daily Capped Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
• 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
• 
[Margin (for the SARON Floating 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
• 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
SARON Floating Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[]

--- Page 1153 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1153 
 
(Insert if Reference Rate is a CMS Interest Rate) 
[CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
["CMS 
Reference 
Rate [1]"] (If CMS 
Interest Rate is "Worse 
of CMS Interest Rates" 
or 
"CMS 
Spread 
Interest Rate", insert 
heading 
"CMS 
Reference Rate 1") 
["CMS 
Reference 
Rate 2"] (If CMS 
Interest Rate is "Worse 
of CMS Interest Rates" 
or 
"CMS 
Spread 
Interest Rate", insert 
this column) 
• 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/JPY 
10:00/JPY 15:00/USD 
SOFR/ 
Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/JPY 
10:00/JPY 15:00/USD 
SOFR/ 
Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
• 
[- 
Relevant Financial Centre:] 
(Insert if Relevant Swap Rate is Mid-
Market Swap Rate) 
[] 
[] 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
[] 
• 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
[] 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []][] 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []][] 
• 
Page: 
[] 
[] 
• 
Margin [1] (for CMS Reference Rate 
[1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(Specify each Margin [1] if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
• 
[Margin 2 (for CMS Reference Rate 2):]  [Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(Specify each Margin 2 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
• 
Interest Participation Rate [1] (for CMS 
Reference Rate [1]):  
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form 
of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1)

--- Page 1154 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms 
 
1154 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
• 
[Interest Participation Rate 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2):]  
[[]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form 
of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1)]] 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a Forward Rate – 
applicable only in respect of Volatility Bond Note 
Provisions) 
 
• 
[Reference Rate: 
Implied Forward Rate: [specify] forward rate (if 
more than one forward rate, specify Interest 
Period End Dates to which each forward rate 
applies by inserting a Reference Rate Table, the 
form of which is set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[] 
• 
Specified Time: 
[] 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
Periodic Rate Determination is applicable: 
[Specify] 
• 
Forward Rate Reference Banks: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(b)(iii) (Forward Rate Notes)]] 
[Reference Rate [One(s)/Two(s)] /Specified Rate 
Two (Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes):] 
[Fixed Interest Rate/ Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate] (Repeat above details as required 
for Reference Rate Two or if there is more than 
one Reference Rate Ones, or Specified Rate Two 
for Inverse Floating Rate Notes) 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
• 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is subject 
to 
a 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rate) 
[Minimum Reference Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
• 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is subject 
to 
a 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate) 
[Maximum Reference Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
[] [Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1155 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms  
 
1155 
 
[SCHEDULE [1] TO FINAL TERMS] 
(Insert as a Schedule to the Final Terms as required) 
(Insert if Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, Reference Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2) 
is different for each Interest Period) 
[Reference Observation Table] 
Reference Observation [1] [2] [3]* 
Reference Rate [One[s]] 
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate One) 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
Specified Fixed 
Rate/Reference Rate/Floating 
Rate Option/CMS Interest 
Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate 
(including Designated 
Maturity, if applicable) 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]70 [Reset 
Date][Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]71 
 
[Specified 
Time/ 
Relevant 
Time]72 
[ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Payment 
Date]/[Period 
End Date/ 
Termination 
Date] 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored ISDA 
Amount] [Business 
Day (for the purposes 
of the ISDA 
Definitions)] 
[ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation] 
Margin 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in 
each 
year] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/No 
Adjustment]] 
(See 
General 
Condition 6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention)) 
[Insert details] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[[2006] 
[2021] 
Definitions] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[] 
[] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable]  
[] 
[] 
[Reference Rate Ones] 
 
70  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
71  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
72  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 1156 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms  
 
1156 
 
 
Specified Fixed 
Rate/Reference Rate/Floating 
Rate Option/CMS Interest 
Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate 
(including Designated 
Maturity, if applicable) 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]73 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]74 
[Specified 
Time/Relev
ant Time]75 
[ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Payment 
Date]/[Period 
End 
Date/Termina
tion Date] 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored ISDA 
Amount] 
[Business Day (for the 
purposes of the ISDA 
Definitions)] 
[ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation] 
Margin 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
[Reference Rate Two[s]] 
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate One) 
 
Specified Fixed 
Rate/Reference Rate/Floating 
Rate Option/CMS Interest 
Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate 
(including Designated 
Maturity, if applicable) 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]76 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]77 
[Specified 
Time/Relev
ant Time]78 
[ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Payment 
Date]/[Period 
End 
Date/Termina
tion Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored ISDA 
Amount] 
[Business Day (for the 
purposes of the ISDA 
Definitions)] 
[ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation] 
Margin 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
[Reference Rate Two[s]] 
 
Specified Fixed 
Rate/Reference Rate/Floating 
Rate Option/CMS Interest 
Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference Rate 
(including Designated 
Maturity, if applicable) 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]79 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]80 
[Specified 
Time/ 
Relevant 
Time]81 
[ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Payment 
Date]/[Period 
End 
Date/Termina
tion Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored ISDA 
Amount] 
[Business Day (for the 
purposes of the ISDA 
Definitions)] 
[ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation] 
Margin 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
*Insert additional rows for Reference Observation 2 and/or Reference Observation 3 if different for each Interest Period 
 
 
73  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
74  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
75  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
76  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
77  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
78  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
79  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
80  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
81  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 1157 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms  
 
1157 
 
(Insert if Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier is different for each Mandatory Early Redemption Date) 
[Rollerball Reference Determination Table] 
[Rollerball Reference Observation] [Rollerball Barrier]*  
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s) 
Specified Fixed 
Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating 
Rate 
Option/Relevant 
Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]82  
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]83  
[Specified 
Time/Relev
ant Time]84  
[ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Effective 
Date] 
[Termination 
Date] 
[Period End 
Date/Termina
tion Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored 
ISDA Rate] 
[Business 
Day (for the 
purposes of 
the ISDA 
Definitions)] 
[Compounding/ 
Averaging] 
[Index 
provisions] 
[ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation] 
[Interest 
Paymen
t 
Date(s) 
/ [] [in 
each 
year] 
[adjuste
d 
in 
accorda
nce with 
[specify 
Busines
s 
Day 
Convent
ion]/No 
Adjust
ment]] 
(See 
General 
Conditi
on 6(h) 
(Busine
ss Day 
Convent
ion)) 
[insert details] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[2006 ISDA 
Definitions/ 
2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Interest 
Commenc
ement 
Date]/ 
[] 
[Last 
occurring 
Interest 
Period End 
Date]/ [] 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable] 
[] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (If 
applicable, 
insert the 
Compounding/A
veraging Table 
from Drafting 
Notes Schedule 
1) 
[Applicable
/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
applicable, 
insert the 
Index 
provision 
table from 
Drafting 
Notes 
Schedule 1) 
[Applicable/ 
Not 
Applicable]  
*Insert additional rows for Rollerball Barrier if different for each Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
 
 
82  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
83  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
84  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 1158 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1158 
 
APPENDIX 1 – CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
(a) 
N-th to Default Basket Credit Linked Notes – Appendix 1  
Reference 
Entity  
Transaction 
Type: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(b) 
[Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes][Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
Reference 
Entity 
and 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign, 
where 
applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] /[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level]

--- Page 1159 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1159 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign, 
where 
applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] /[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(c) 
[Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ]/[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(d) 
[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Settled Entity Matrix  
The table below reflects data from the Settled Entity Matrix as at Index Annex Date. 
Settled Entity:  
Weighted 
Average 
Final 
Price: 
Weighting:

--- Page 1160 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1160 
 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1161 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1161 
 
[Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes] 
 
Reference 
Entity: 
Reference 
Assets: 
Reference 
Assets 
Call/Maturity 
Date: 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Reference 
Assets 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date: 
Reference 
Assets 
Conditions 
Date: 
Settlement 
Currency 
Principal 
Amount: 
LCY 
Reference 
Amount: 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non-
Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1162 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1162 
 
Reference Assets Forward 
Rate: 
Reference Assets FX 
Forward Notional: 
Reference Assets FX 
Forward Termination 
Date: 
 
 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1163 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1163 
 
APPENDIX 2 – PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT MATRIX

--- Page 1164 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1164 
 
SCHEDULE [1]85 
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN CORPORATE86 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN 
CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring, if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
− 
Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable unless otherwise specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
85 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
86 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard North American Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 
1 in its entirety.

--- Page 1165 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1165 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN 
CORPORATE 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1166 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1166 
 
SCHEDULE [2]87 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]88 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]89 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Mod Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is a Financial Transaction 
Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is a Financial Transaction 
Type, Applicable, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
 
87 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
88 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is any of (i) "Standard European Corporate", (ii) "Standard European 
Financial Corporate", (iii) "Standard European CoCo Financial Corporate", (iv) "Standard European Senior Non 
Preferred Financial Corporate" or (v) "Standard European Limited Recourse Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 
2 in its entirety. 
89 
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1167 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1167 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]89 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is "Standard 
European 
CoCo 
Financial 
Corporate" 
or 
"European CoCo Financial Corporate", otherwise 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is "Standard 
European Senior Non Preferred Financial 
Corporate" or "European Senior Non Preferred 
Financial Corporate", otherwise Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is "Standard 
European Limited Recourse Corporate" or

--- Page 1168 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1168 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]89 
"European 
Limited 
Recourse 
Corporate", 
otherwise Not Applicable.

--- Page 1169 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1169 
 
SCHEDULE [3]90 
STANDARD SUBORDINATED EUROPEAN INSURANCE CORPORATE91 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SUBORDINATED 
EUROPEAN INSURANCE CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
90 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
91 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Subordinated European Insurance Corporate", otherwise 
delete this Schedule 3 in its entirety.

--- Page 1170 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1170 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SUBORDINATED 
EUROPEAN INSURANCE CORPORATE 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1171 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1171 
 
SCHEDULE [4]92 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN CORPORATE LPN93 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE LPN 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
− 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Multiple Holder Obligation: 
(a) 
Not Applicable with respect to 
Obligation Category "Bonds". 
(b) 
Applicable with respect to 
Obligation Category "Loans". 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Not Domestic Law. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
 
92 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
93 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN", otherwise delete this 
Schedule 4 in its entirety.

--- Page 1172 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1172 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE LPN 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1173 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1173 
 
SCHEDULE [5]94 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN CORPORATE95 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
− 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Multiple Holder Obligation: 
(a) 
Not Applicable with respect to 
Obligation Category "Bonds". 
(b) 
Applicable with respect to 
Obligation Category "Loans". 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Not Domestic Law. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
 
94 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
95 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Emerging European Corporate", otherwise delete this 
Schedule 5 in its entirety.

--- Page 1174 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1174 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1175 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1175 
 
SCHEDULE [6]96 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE B97 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
CORPORATE B 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
− 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
96 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
97 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Latin America Corporate B", otherwise delete this Schedule 
6 in its entirety.

--- Page 1176 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1176 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
CORPORATE B 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1177 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1177 
 
SCHEDULE [7]98 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE BL99 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
CORPORATE 
BL 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
− 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
 
98 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
99 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Latin America Corporate BL", otherwise delete this 
Schedule 7 in its entirety.

--- Page 1178 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1178 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
CORPORATE 
BL 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1179 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1179 
 
SCHEDULE [8]100 
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]101 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]102 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
100 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
101 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard Australia Corporate" or (ii) "Standard Australia Financial 
Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 8 in its entirety. 
102 
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1180 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1180 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]102 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1181 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1181 
 
SCHEDULE [9]103 
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]104 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW 
ZEALAND FINANCIAL CORPORATE]105 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
103 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
104 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard New Zealand Corporate" or (ii) "Standard New Zealand 
Financial Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 9 in its entirety. 
105 
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1182 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1182 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW 
ZEALAND FINANCIAL CORPORATE]105 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federations (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1183 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1183 
 
SCHEDULE [10]106 
[STANDARD JAPAN CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN FINANCIAL CORPORATE]107 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD JAPAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]108 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
− 
Payment Requirement: If the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount is in 
JPY, JPY 100,000,000 or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency as of 
the occurrence of the relevant Failure to 
Pay. In all other cases, USD 1,000,000 
or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation 
Currency 
as 
of 
the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to 
Pay. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable 
− 
Default Requirement: If the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount is in 
JPY, 
JPY 
1,000,000,000 
or 
its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the 
relevant Credit Event. In all other cases, 
USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
 
106 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
107 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard Japan Corporate" or (ii) "Standard Japan Financial 
Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 10 in its entirety. 
108 
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1184 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1184 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD JAPAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]108 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable.

--- Page 1185 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1185 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD JAPAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]108 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1186 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1186 
 
SCHEDULE [11]109 
[STANDARD SINGAPORE CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]110 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]111 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
 
109 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
110 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard Singapore Corporate" or (ii) "Standard Singapore 
Financial Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 11 in its entirety. 
111 
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1187 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1187 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]111 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable

--- Page 1188 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1188 
 
SCHEDULE [12]112 
[STANDARD ASIA CORPORATE]/[STANDARD ASIA FINANCIAL CORPORATE]113 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD ASIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD ASIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]114 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
 
112 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
113 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard Asia Corporate" or (ii) "Standard Asia Financial 
Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 12 in its entirety. 
114 
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1189 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1189 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD ASIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD ASIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]114 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1190 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1190 
 
SCHEDULE [13]115 
STANDARD WESTERN EUROPEAN SOVEREIGN116 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD WESTERN EUROPEAN 
SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
115 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
116 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Western European Sovereign", otherwise delete this 
Schedule 13 in its entirety.

--- Page 1191 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1191 
 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Hellenic 
Republic, otherwise Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1192 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1192 
 
SCHEDULE [14]117 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA SOVEREIGN118 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
− 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring 
− 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable if the Reference Entity is the 
Republic of Argentina or the Republic of 
Ecuador, otherwise Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions 
Not Applicable. 
 
117 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
118 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Latin America Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 
14 in its entirety.

--- Page 1193 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1193 
 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic 
of Ecuador, otherwise Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the 
Argentine Republic, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1194 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1194 
 
SCHEDULE [15]119 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN120 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & 
MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
− 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable if the Reference Entity is the 
Republic of Ukraine, otherwise Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
119 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
120 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign", 
otherwise delete this Schedule 15 in its entirety.

--- Page 1195 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1195 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & 
MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic 
of Ukraine, otherwise Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic 
of Hungary, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Russian 
Federation, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1196 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1196 
 
SCHEDULE [16]121 
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN122 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
121 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
122 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Australia Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 16 in 
its entirety.

--- Page 1197 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1197 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1198 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1198 
 
SCHEDULE [17]123 
STANDARD NEW ZEALAND SOVEREIGN124 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NEW ZEALAND SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
123 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
124 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard New Zealand Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 
17 in its entirety.

--- Page 1199 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1199 
 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1200 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1200 
 
SCHEDULE [18]125 
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN126 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
− 
Payment Requirement: If the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount is in 
JPY, JPY 100,000,000 or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency as of 
the occurrence of the relevant Failure to 
Pay. In all other cases, USD 1,000,000 
or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation 
Currency 
as 
of 
the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to 
Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable. 
− 
Default Requirement: If the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount is in 
JPY, 
JPY 
1,000,000,000 
or 
its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the 
relevant Credit Event. In all other cases, 
USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
 
125 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
126 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Japan Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 18 in its 
entirety.

--- Page 1201 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1201 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1202 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1202 
 
SCHEDULE [19]127 
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN128 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Specified Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
 
127 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
128 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Singapore Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 19 
in its entirety.

--- Page 1203 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1203 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1204 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1204 
 
SCHEDULE [20]129 
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN130 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
129 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
130 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Asia Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 20 in its 
entirety.

--- Page 1205 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1205 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1206 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1206 
 
SCHEDULE [21]131 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL FAITH AND CREDIT132 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL 
FAITH AND CREDIT 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency 
– 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
131 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
132 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit", otherwise delete this 
Schedule 21 in its entirety.

--- Page 1207 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1207 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL 
FAITH AND CREDIT 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
Applicable.

--- Page 1208 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1208 
 
SCHEDULE [22]133 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL GENERAL FUND134 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL GENERAL 
FUND 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
General Fund Obligation Liability. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency 
– 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
General Fund Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
133 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
134 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard U.S. Municipal General Fund", otherwise delete this 
Schedule 22 in its entirety.

--- Page 1209 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1209 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL GENERAL 
FUND 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
Applicable.

--- Page 1210 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1210 
 
SCHEDULE [23]135 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL REVENUE136 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL REVENUE 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency 
– 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
Revenue Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
135 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
136 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard U.S. Municipal Revenue", otherwise delete this Schedule 
23 in its entirety.

--- Page 1211 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1211 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL REVENUE 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
Applicable.

--- Page 1212 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1212 
 
APPENDIX 3 – INDEX SKEW NOTES 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference 
Entity:  
Transactio
n Type: 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify Reference 
Obligations, where 
applicable, 
including a short 
description thereof 
if the Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify Reference 
Obligations, where 
applicable, 
including a short 
description thereof 
if the Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
Index Skew Notes – Hypothetical Single Name Set  
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligation 
Seniority 
Level 
Floating 
Rate Payer 
Calculation 
Amount 
(Insert 
Currency) 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[N
ot Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify]

--- Page 1213 ---
Pro Forma Final Terms Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
 
1213 
 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[N
ot Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1214 ---
Summary of the Notes 
 
1214 
 
[ANNEX] 
SUMMARY OF THE NOTES 
(Insert completed Summary for the Notes where the denomination of the Notes is less than EUR100,000)]

--- Page 1215 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1215 
 
SECTION H.4 – PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Notes in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which an EU PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the 
period[s][]-[] (repeat periods as necessary), [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended or superseded, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, 
save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of 
the Notes in the United Kingdom for which a UK PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] 
[]-[] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") and regulations 
made thereunder; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations made thereunder (the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
regulations made thereunder (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") - The Issuer has determined the classification of the 
Notes as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
 
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes 
to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
"Applicable". 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes 
to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
"Applicable".

--- Page 1216 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1216 
 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)].3 
[The Notes do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of 
the Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes and are not licensed by the Swiss Financial 
Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) thereunder. Accordingly, neither the Notes nor holders 
of the Notes benefit from protection under the Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes or 
supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) and investors are 
exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer [and the CGMHI Guarantor] [and the CGMFL 
Guarantor].]4 
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND - [[Other than with 
respect to offers of the Notes [during the period[s] []-[] (repeat periods as necessary),] for which a 
key information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act ("FinSA") or an 
equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared] [or] [for the duration of the applicable transition 
period under FinSA and its implementing ordinance, for which a simplified prospectus pursuant to 
Article 5(2) of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes, as such article was in effect 
immediately prior to the entry into effect of FinSA, has been prepared],] [t][T]he Notes are not intended 
to be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal Financial 
Services Act ("FinSA")/FinSA] in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a person who 
is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA (not having 
opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional client as defined 
in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement according to Article 
58(2) FinSA.]5  
[This Pricing Supplement has not been and will not be filed and deposited with a review body in 
Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of FinSA. Accordingly, the Notes may not be 
publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of FinSA, other than pursuant 
to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in 
Switzerland. Neither this Pricing Supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to FinSA, and neither this Pricing Supplement nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland.]6 
[Include if the Notes or Underlying(s) are labelled or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", 
"social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar objectives: Notes or the Underlying(s) of Notes may be described 
or marketed as having "green", "sustainable", "social", "ESG", "inclusive" or similar objectives. 
Notwithstanding the use of such term(s), such Notes or Underlying(s) (or the administrator(s) thereof) 
(a) may not meet investors' objectives or expectations as regarding investments having such or similar 
labels or objectives and/or (b) may not fulfil legislative or regulatory requirements or criteria as regarding 
investments having such or other similar labels or objectives.]  
 
3  
To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it 
/ they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA. A notification of the product classification is required as long as an offer of securities is contemplated in Singapore and the offer 
is not, or not intended to be, restricted to persons specified in Regulation 2 of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (i.e. an "accredited investor", "expert investor", "institutional investor" or "any other person that is not 
an individual"). 
4  
Include if the Notes are offered in Switzerland. 
5  
Include if Notes are debt instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in Switzerland. 
6  
Include if Notes are offered in Switzerland.

--- Page 1217 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1217 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [] 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.]7 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395]/[82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31]/[549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53] 
Issue of [Specify Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche]/[[(Specify aggregate number of Units of 
Tranche)] Units of [(specify principal amount of each Unit)]] [Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.] 8 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited]9 
Under the Global Medium Term Note Programme 
[The Notes are intended to qualify as eligible debt securities for purposes of the Federal Reserve's total 
loss-absorbing capacity ("TLAC") rule. As a result, in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, Citigroup 
Inc.'s losses and any losses incurred by its subsidiaries would be imposed first on Citigroup Inc.'s 
shareholders and then on its unsecured creditors, including the holders of the Notes. Further, in a 
bankruptcy proceeding of Citigroup Inc., any value realised by holders of the Notes may not be sufficient 
to repay the amounts owed on the Notes. For more information about the consequences of TLAC on the 
notes, you should refer to "Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.) in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Inc." 
in the section "Description of Citigroup Inc" in the Citigroup Inc. Rates Base Prospectus.] 
The Base Listing Particulars referred to below (as completed by this Pricing Supplement) has been 
prepared on the basis that: 
(a) 
any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of 
the Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State 
of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, 
in relation to such offer; and 
(b) 
any offer of Notes in the United Kingdom ("UK") will be made pursuant to an exemption under 
the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the 
Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in the UK of the Notes 
may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act (as 
amended, the "FSMA") or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.  
None of the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]7 [the CGMFL Guarantor]8 and any Dealer has authorised, 
nor does any of them authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances. 
[For the purpose hereof, the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended) and "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA").] 
 
7  
Delete as applicable 
8  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL 
9  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI

--- Page 1218 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1218 
 
The Notes [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]2 [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee]3 have not been 
and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act") or any state securities law. [The Notes [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]2 [and the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee]68 are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) Each 
purchaser of the Notes or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed 
that it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person and will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, a U.S. person, other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof.]10 [The Notes are being offered 
and sold solely to "qualified institutional buyers" ("QIBs") in reliance on the exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A thereunder ("Rule 144A"). Each purchaser of the Notes 
or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it and each account 
for which it is purchasing (or holding) Notes is a QIB and that it will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time to any person other than (a) the Issuer or any 
affiliate thereof or (b) a person it reasonably believes to be a QIB purchasing the Notes for its own 
account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A 
and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any State of the United States and any other 
jurisdiction.]11 The Notes [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]69 [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee]68 
do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery 
(or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in 
the Notes has not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission under 
the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. For a description of certain restrictions on 
offers and sales of Notes, see "General Information relating to the Programme and the Notes - 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" in the Base Listing Particulars. 
The Notes may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and 
holding of the Notes is made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to 
Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a plan, 
individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject 
to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[The Notes are [English/New York/French] Law Notes[ that are also [Swedish Notes [(and therefore the 
Issuer shall have the right to obtain extracts from the register of creditors (Sw.skuldbok) from Euroclear 
Sweden)]] [Finnish Notes [(and therefore the Issuer shall, subject to regulations of Euroclear Finland and 
applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland a list of the holders of Finnish Notes, 
PROVIDED THAT it is technically possible for Euroclear Finland to maintain such a list)].]  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
under the section entitled ["Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
each relevant Schedule), in the Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s].  
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer[, the 
 
10  
Include for Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S 
11  
Include for the Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A

--- Page 1219 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1219 
 
CGMHI Guarantor]12 [the CGMFL Guarantor]13 and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented].  
The Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing at the offices of the 
Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [and] [the website of 
the [] ([])]. [In addition, this Pricing Supplement is available [(specify)]]. 
[Use this paragraph if the Base Listing Particulars has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
"Base Listing Particulars" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Listing Particulars 
in relation to the Programme dated 5 July 2024.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Base Listing Particulars has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
"Base Listing Particulars" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Listing Particulars 
relating to the Programme dated 5 July 2024, as supplemented by a Supplement (No. []) dated [] ([the] 
"Supplement [No. []]")[, a Supplement (No. []) dated [] ([the] "Supplement [No. []]")] [and a 
Supplement (No. []) dated [] ("Supplement No. []" and, together with [Supplement No. []] [and 
Supplement No. [],] the "Supplements")].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Listing Particulars with an earlier date.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth under the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, each relevant Schedule) in the Base Listing Particulars [as supplemented by the 
Supplement[s]].  
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Current Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] thereto, save in respect of 
the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Listing Particulars [as supplemented by the 
Supplement[s] thereto] and are incorporated by reference into the Current Base Listing Particulars. Full 
information on the Issuer[, the CGMFL Guarantor]14 and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing Particulars [and the 
Supplement[s] thereto] and the Current Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] thereto]. 
The Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Listing Particulars [is/are] available for 
viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com)] [and] [the website of [] ([])]. The Current Base Listing Particulars [and 
the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Listing Particulars [is/are] available for viewing at the offices of 
the Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com)] [and] [the website 
of [] ([])]. In addition, this Pricing Supplement is available [(specify)].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have not been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Listing 
Particulars: For the purposes hereof, "Base Listing Particulars" means the [Citigroup 
Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated [].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Listing 
Particulars: For the purposes hereof, "Base Listing Particulars" means the [Citigroup 
Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated [], as 
supplemented by a Supplement (No. []) dated [] ([the] "Supplement [to the Base Listing 
Particulars] [No. []]") [and a "Supplement (No. [])" dated [] ("Supplement No. []" and, together 
with Supplement No. [], the "Supplements to the Base Listing Particulars")].] 
 
12  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL 
13  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
14 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI

--- Page 1220 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1220 
 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Listing Particulars has not been supplemented: For the purposes 
hereof, "Current Base Listing Particulars" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base 
Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated 5 July 2024.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Listing Particulars has been supplemented: For the purposes 
hereof, "Current Base Listing Particulars" means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Rates Base 
Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated 5 July 2024, as supplemented by a Supplement (No. 
[]) dated [] ([the] "Supplement [to the Current Base Listing Particulars] [No. []]") [and a 
Supplement (No. []) dated [] ("Supplement No. []" and, together with Supplement No. [], the 
"Supplements to the Current Base Listing Particulars")].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub 
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[When completing any Pricing Supplement consideration should be given as to whether the relevant 
terms or information constitute "significant new factors" relating to information included in the Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Exempt Notes to be listed on the Euro 
MTF and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 206 of 
Part 2, Chapter II of the rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.] 
 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Citigroup 
Inc./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Holdings 
Inc./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.]7  
 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Citigroup 
Inc./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only Notes issued by Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc. are guaranteed by 
Citigroup Inc. Only Notes issued by Citigroup 
Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
are guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited.) 
 
(i) 
Type of security: 
[Notes] 
[Italian Listed Certificates] (if Applicable, 
replace references in the Final Terms to 
redemption with references to termination, 
references to interest with references to 
premium and references to maturity date with 
references to final termination date)] 
 
(ii) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of 
that Series, including the date on which the 
Notes become fungible)

--- Page 1221 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1221 
 
 
(iv) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[The 
Notes 
will 
be 
consolidated and form a single Series with 
[identify earlier Tranches] on [] /[the Issue 
Date]] 
 
Settlement Currency or Currencies:15 
[specify currency] 
[The 
Notes 
are 
Dual 
Currency 
Notes. 
"Settlement Currency" means: 
(a) 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination and the Calculation 
Amount 
(the 
"Denomination 
Currency"): [] 
(b) 
in respect of payments (the "Relevant 
Currency"): []] 
 
[Resultant figure(s) in Euro of amount(s) 
specified herein denominated in a currency other 
than Euro: 
(Relevant for certain issues of French Law 
Notes only, delete if not relevant) 
[The Aggregate Principal Amount, Specified 
Denomination 
and 
any 
other 
amount(s) 
specified herein have been translated into Euro 
at the exchange rate of [] [specify currency 
other than euro] equal to EUR1.00, producing a 
sum of: EUR []] 
 
[Method for translating into Euro any amount(s) 
denominated in a currency other than Euro 
payable under the Notes: 
(Relevant for certain issues of French Law 
Notes only, delete if not relevant and if payments 
to be made under the Notes are to be made in 
Euro) 
[The [specify relevant amount(s) specified 
herein denominated in a currency other than 
Euro] will be translated into Euro at the [specify 
currency other than Euro]/EUR exchange rate 
(spot/bid) prevailing at the date of settlement of 
such amount(s) at the time or times as the 
[Calculation 
Agent]/[Determination 
Agent] 
deems appropriate and the resultant figure will 
be rounded to the nearest euro 0.01 (with Euro 
0.005 being rounded upwards)]] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] [Units (each Unit being [] in principal 
amount of the Notes)] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] [Units (each Unit being [] in principal 
amount of the Notes)] 
 
15 For domestic issues whose settlement is made from an account located in France, payments with respect to the French Law 
Notes shall be made in euros (pursuant to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil)

--- Page 1222 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1222 
 
 
 
[The Notes are issued in Units. Accordingly, 
references herein to Units shall be deemed to be 
references to [] in principal amount of the 
Notes and all references in the Conditions to 
payments being made in respect of a Calculation 
Amount shall be construed to such payments 
being made in respect of a Unit] 
 
 
(For fungible issues, specify the Aggregate 
Principal Amount / Number of Units in respect 
of each Tranche) 
 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date]] (insert 
for fungible issues, if applicable) [[] per Unit] 
[converted into the Relevant Currency at the 
Initial FX Rate, being [specify in Relevant 
Currency] in respect of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount. "Initial FX Rate" means []] 
 
 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Price in 
respect of each Tranche) 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] [Unit] 
 
 
(in the case of Registered Notes, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers 
can be made) 
 
 
(In respect of Swedish Notes, Finnish Notes and 
French Law Notes, there shall be one 
denomination only) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] [Unit] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. N.B. There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations) 
 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Date in 
respect of each Tranche) 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/As set out in the table at paragraph 0 
below/Issue Date/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1223 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1223 
 
(Where there is more than one interest basis 
then the Interest Commencement Date for each 
interest basis should be specified by inserting 
the Interest Basis Table at paragraph 10, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[specify date][, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] 
Business 
Day Convention] [Interest Payment Date falling 
on or nearest to []][] [and extension in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension)] (Only 
applicable if Note is a Credit-Linked Note and 
"2014 Reference Entity" applies) / [and 
extension in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 
6 
(Scheduled 
Maturity 
Date 
Extension)] (Only applicable if Note is a Credit-
Linked Note and "2003 Reference Entity" 
applies) 
 
Type of Notes: 
[Subject as set out in paragraph 10 below,] 
[Fixed Rate Notes/Floating Rate Notes/Inflation 
Rate Notes/DIR Inflation Linked Notes [that are 
DIR Inflation Linked Interest Notes][and][in 
respect of which a DIR Linked Redemption 
Amount is applicable]/CMS Interest Linked 
Notes/Inverse 
Floating 
Rate 
Notes/Range 
Accrual Notes/Digital [Band] Notes/Spread 
Notes/Volatility Bond Notes/Synthetic Forward 
Rate Notes/Previous Coupon Linked Notes/and 
FX Performance Notes/and Reserve Coupon 
Notes/and Restructure Interest Rate Notes/and 
Global Interest Floor Notes/and Global Interest 
Cap Notes] [The Notes are also Lock-in 
Redemption Notes] [The Notes are also Rate 
Linked Redemption Notes] [The Notes are also 
Interest Linked Redemption Notes] [The Notes 
are Zero Coupon Notes and do not bear or pay 
any interest] [The Notes are Credit Linked 
Notes] [The Notes are [also] Dual Currency 
Notes] [The Notes are Instalment Notes] [As set 
out in the table at paragraph 10 below] 
(The Notes may be one or more of the types 
described above and as further set out below)  
 Changes in interest basis and/or Multiple Interest 
Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1224 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1224 
 
 
(i) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis and 
Lock-in Change of Interest Basis: 
[Automatic 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis: 
Applicable[, as set out in the table below 
(Specify the Interest Commencement Date, 
Interest Period End Date(s) and/or Interest 
Payment Date(s) and Type of Notes by inserting 
the Interest Basis Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1)] (Insert for 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis) / 
[Lock-in Change of Interest Basis: Applicable – 
see paragraph 16 below] (Insert for Lock-in 
Change of Interest Basis) / 
[Describe changes] / [Not Applicable] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day 
of an Interest Period) 
 
(ii) 
Multiple Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Multiple Interest Basis shall not apply for any 
Interest Period or Interest Payment Date to 
which the Previous Coupon Linked Notes 
provisions, FX Performance Notes provisions, 
Reserve Coupon Notes provisions, Global 
Interest Floor Notes provisions, Global Interest 
Cap Notes provisions, Restructure Interest Rate 
Notes provisions or Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis provisions apply) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
MIB Interest Period(s) and/or 
MIB 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[Specify relevant Interest Periods / Interest 
Payment Dates] [As specified in the table below 
(Specify whether Interest Period End Date(s) 
and/or Interest Payment Date(s) are MIB 
Interest Periods or MIB Interest Payment Dates 
by inserting the Interest Basis Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1)] 
 Put/Call Options 
[Issuer Call as specified in item 20(i) below] 
 
 
 
[Investor Put as specified in item 20(ii) below] 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 (i) 
 Status of the Notes: 
Senior

--- Page 1225 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1225 
 
 
(ii) 
 Status of the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee: 
[Senior][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Specify "Not Applicable" for Notes issued by 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL) 
 
(iii) 
 Status of the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee: 
[Senior][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Specify "Not Applicable" for Notes issued by 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES 
 Underlying Linked Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable – the provisions in the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule apply (subject as 
provided 
in 
the 
relevant 
Underlying 
Schedule)][Not Applicable] 
(The following information may be tabulated if 
there is more than one Underlying)  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
(Underlying: 
[specify] 
 
(A) 
Description of Underlying(s): 
[Specify each Underlying, including any 
identification numbers, where relevant] 
 
(B) 
Classification: 
[Inflation Index (this applies for both Inflation 
Rate 
Notes 
and 
DIR 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes)]/[Rate (this would normally only apply 
for Range Accrual Notes and Rate Linked 
Redemption Notes and can otherwise be 
deleted)] 
[FX 
Rate 
(EMTA 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]) (this applies 
only for Range Accrual Notes (where any 
Reference Obligation is an FX Rate), for FX 
Performance Notes (for which purpose any of 
FX Performance [1/2] is an FX Rate), for any 
Notes for which Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis applies (for which purpose the Lock-in 
Reference Observation or Lock-in Barrier is an 
FX Rate) and/or which are Lock-in Redemption 
Notes, for any Notes for which Mandatory Early 
Redemption is specified as applicable and the 
Rollerball MER Condition applies (for which 
purpose the Rollerball Reference Observation 
or Rollerball Barrier is an FX Rate), for Dual 
Currency Notes), for Digital Notes (where any 
Digital Reference Rate is an FX Rate) and for 
Digital Band Notes (where any Reference Rate

--- Page 1226 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1226 
 
is an FX Rate) (Note for Digital Band Notes, FX 
Rate should not be specified for Reference Rate 
One, Reference Rate Two, Band Rate, Band Rate 
One or Band Rate Two))] 
(Specify for each Underlying/Reference Entity) 
(In respect of a Rate, note that only interest rates 
which are published on an Electronic Page may 
be specified) 
 
(C) 
Electronic Page: 
[] 
(Specify for each Underlying/Reference Entity) 
 
(ii) 
Particulars 
in 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying: 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable) 
 
Inflation Index/Indices: 
(Specify for each Inflation Index) 
 
(A) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable: The definition set out in Inflation 
Index 
Condition 
1 
(Definitions) 
shall 
apply/[specify]][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Revision of level of Inflation 
Index: 
[Revision/No Revision] 
 
 
(NB: If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" is 
specified, "No Revision" will be deemed to 
apply)] 
 
[Rate(s): 
(Specify for each Rate, and the following 
information may be tabulated if there is more 
than one Rate) 
 
(A) 
Valuation Time: 
[(specify)] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[A Business Day][A day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in [] (specify each)] [A day 
on which T2 is open] [A U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day] 
 
 
 
(This would normally only apply for certain 
Range Accrual Notes and Rate Linked 
Redemption Notes and can otherwise be 
deleted) 
 
 
(C) Rate Linked Redemption Notes: [Not Applicable] 
[Applicable: The Rate Linked Redemption 
Amount shall be determined by reference to

--- Page 1227 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1227 
 
[specify Rate(s)] and for which purpose the 
Specified RL Valuation Date shall be []] 
 
 
[FX Rate where EMTA Provisions are 
Not Applicable: 
(Specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange 
Rate comprising such FX Rate) 
 
 
(A) FX Rate:  
"cross-rate/formula": 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
[The FX Rate is [[the inverse of] []] / [the 
product of [] and []] / [the quotient of [] (as 
numerator) and [] (as denominator)]] (delete or 
combine as applicable) 
 
 
(B) Exchange Rate: 
 
 
 
− Base Currency: 
[] 
 
 
− Quote Currency: 
[] 
 
 
− Valuation Time: 
[] 
 
 
(C) [Event Currency /Currencies: 
[Specify if different to the FX Rate Conditions] 
 
 
 
(NB: only required if "General Inconvertibility", 
"General 
Non-Transferability", 
"Material 
Change in Circumstances", "Nationalisation", 
"Specific Inconvertibility" or "Specific Non-
Transferability" are specified as Currency 
Disruption Events below)] 
 
 
(D) Specified Financial Centres: 
[] 
 
 
(E) Dual Currency Note Provisions: [Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. The Dual Currency Exchange Rate 
is [specify FX Rate] and for which purpose the 
Specified DC Valuation Date(s) shall be [[
]/[specify days] prior to (but excluding) each day 
on which payment is scheduled to be made 
under the Notes/As set out in the Dual Currency 
Note Table] (Specify each DC Valuation Date, 
if different, by inserting a Dual Currency Note 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1)] 
 
 
(F) Range Accrual Notes 
[Not Applicable] 
[Reference 
Observation 
[1/2/3] 
shall 
be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]] 
(repeat as necessary)

--- Page 1228 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1228 
 
 
 
(G) FX Performance Notes: 
[Not Applicable]  
[[FX Performance [1/2] shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]] (repeat as 
necessary)] 
 
 
(H) 
Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis 
determined 
by 
reference to an FX Rate: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. 
The 
[Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation [n]/ Lock-in Barrier [n]] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate] 
and for which purpose the Specified Lock-in 
Determination Date(s) shall be [[]/As set out 
in the Lock-in Change of Interest Basis Table] 
(Specify each Lock-in Determination Date, if 
different, by inserting a Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis Table the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) (repeat as 
necessary) 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
[The Number of Postponement Days is []]] 
 
 
(I) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
determined by reference to an FX 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. 
The 
[Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation/Rollerball 
Barrier] 
shall 
be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate] 
and for which purpose the Specified MER 
Determination Date(s) shall be [[]/As set out 
in the Mandatory Early Redemption Table] 
(Specify each Specified MER Determination 
Date, if different, by inserting a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Table the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) (repeat as 
necessary) 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
[The Number of Postponement Days is []]] 
 
 
(J) 
Digital Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Digital Reference Rate shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]] 
 
 
(K) Digital Band Notes: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1229 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1229 
 
[Reference Rate shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]]  
 
 
[FX Rate where EMTA Provisions are 
Applicable:  
(Specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange 
Rate comprising such FX Rate) 
 
 
(A) FX Rate Source: 
[] 
 
 
(B) Valuation Time: 
(Specify in respect of the Primary Rate and any 
fallback rates) 
 
 
 
[] in respect of the Primary Rate 
 
 
 
[[] in respect of the First Fallback Reference 
Price] 
 
 
 
[[] in respect of the Second Fallback Reference 
Price] 
 
 
(C) Reference Currency: 
[] 
 
 
(D) Settlement Currency: 
[] 
 
 
(E) Reference Currency Business 
Centre(s): 
[] 
 
 
(F) Settlement Currency Business 
Centre(s): 
[] 
 
 
(G) Number of Settlement Business 
Days: 
[] [Settlement Currency Business Days] 
 
 
(H) Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement:  
[] consecutive calendar days 
 
 
(I) 
Dual Currency Note Provisions:  [Not Applicable]  
[Applicable. The Dual Currency Exchange Rate 
is [specify FX Rate] and for which purpose the 
Specified DC Valuation Date(s) shall be [[
]/[specify days] prior to (but excluding) each day 
on which payment is scheduled to be made 
under the Notes/As set out in the Dual Currency 
Note Table] (Specify each DC Valuation Date, 
if different, by inserting a Dual Currency Note 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
[The Number of Postponement Days is []]] 
 
 
(J) 
Range Accrual Notes: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1230 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1230 
 
[Reference 
Observation 
[1/2/3] 
shall 
be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
 
(K) FX Performance Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[FX Performance [1/2] shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]] (repeat as 
necessary) 
[The Number of Postponement Days is []]] 
 
 
(L) 
Lock-in Change of Interest 
Basis: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. 
The 
[Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation [n]/ Lock-in Barrier [n]] shall be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate] 
and for which purpose the Scheduled Lock-in 
Determination Date(s) shall be [[]/As set out 
in the Lock-in Change of Interest Basis Table] 
(Specify each Lock-in Determination Date, if 
different, by inserting a Lock-in Change of 
Interest Basis Table the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) (repeat as 
necessary) 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
[The Number of Postponement Days is []]] 
 
 
(M) Mandatory Early Redemption 
determined by reference to an FX 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable. 
The 
[Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation/Rollerball 
Barrier] 
shall 
be 
determined by reference to [specify FX Rate] 
and for which purpose the Specified MER 
Determination Date(s) shall be [[]/As set out 
in the Mandatory Early Redemption Table] 
(Specify each Specified MER Determination 
Date, if different, by inserting a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Table the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) (repeat as 
necessary) 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
[The Number of Postponement Days is []]]  
 
 
(N) Digital Notes: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1231 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1231 
 
[Digital Reference Rate shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]]  
 
 
(O) Digital Band Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Reference Rate shall be determined by 
reference to [specify FX Rate]] 
 
(iii) 
Elections in respect of each type of 
Underlying: 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable) 
 
 
 
(the following information may be tabulated) 
 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
 
 
 
(A) Reference Month(s): 
[In respect of a Valuation Date [(specify)]] 
 
 
(B) Manifest Error Cut-off Date: 
[[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] 
Payment Date/specify] 
 
 
 
(NB: If no Manifest Error Cut-off Date is 
specified, the cut-off date will be 2 Business 
Days prior to any relevant Payment Date) 
 
 
(C) Revision Cut-off Date 
[[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] 
Payment Date/specify] 
 
 
 
(NB: If no Revision Cut-off Date is specified, the 
cut-off date will be 2 Business Days prior to any 
relevant Payment Date) 
 
 
[Rate/Rates: 
 
 
 
(A) Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable[, for which purpose the Correction 
Period shall be []]/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[FX Rate where EMTA Provisions are 
Not Applicable: 
 
 
 
(A) Currency Disruption Event(s): 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
 
 
[Governmental Authority Default] 
 
 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
 
 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
 
 
 
[Nationalisation]

--- Page 1232 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1232 
 
 
 
 
[Price Materiality – for which purpose: 
Primary Rate: [The FX Rate/[]] 
Secondary Rate: [The First Fallback Reference 
Rate [and the Second Fallback Reference 
Rate]]/[]] 
Price Materiality Percentage: [] per cent.] 
 
 
 
[Specific Inconvertibility] 
 
 
 
[Specific Non-Transferability] 
 
 
 
(Specify the Currency Disruption Events which 
apply (if any) and the related definitions) 
 
 
(B) Settlement Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA Provisions 
are Applicable: 
 
 
 
(A) Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
 
[Price Materiality – for which purpose: 
Primary Rate: [The FX Rate/[]] 
Secondary Rate: [The First Fallback 
Reference Rate [and the Second 
Fallback Reference Rate]]/[]] 
Price Materiality Percentage: [] per cent.] 
 
 
(B) Disruption Fallbacks: 
The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in the 
following order: 
 
 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price. For the 
purposes of the related First Fallback Reference 
Rate: 
 
 
 
First Fallback Reference Rate: []  
 
 
 
First Fallback Rate Source: []  
 
 
 
First Fallback Valuation Time: []  
 
 
 
First Fallback Electronic Page: []  
 
 
 
[Valuation Postponement]

--- Page 1233 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1233 
 
 
 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price. For the 
purposes of the related Second Fallback 
Reference Rate: 
 
 
 
Second Fallback Reference Rate: []  
 
 
 
Second Fallback Rate Source: []  
 
 
 
Second Fallback Valuation Time: []  
 
 
 
Second Fallback Electronic Page: [] 
 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination]] 
 
 
 
(Specify relevant fallbacks for each FX Rate and 
the order in which they apply) 
 
 
(C) Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify for each 
FX Rate where different) 
 
 
(D) Settlement Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Valuation Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(A) Valuation Disruption (Scheduled 
Trading Days): 
[Move In Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(c)(i) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.] 
[Modified 
Following 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day/Preceding 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day] 
(Specify for a Rate only and where the 
provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 1(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days)) do not apply to that 
Rate) 
 
 
(B) Valuation Disruption (Disrupted 
Days): 
[Move In Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 1(d)(i) (Adjustments to 
Valuation 
Dates 
(Disrupted 
Days 
and 
Underlying Closing Levels)) apply] 
 
 
(C) Valuation Roll: 
[]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Valuation Roll 
will be equal to eight)

--- Page 1234 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1234 
 
(In the case of Range Accrual Notes, the 
provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 6(f) (Range Accrual Notes – Interest 
Observation Date) will apply instead of this 
paragraph 13(iv)) 
(In the case of Notes for which Lock-in Change 
of Interest Basis applies, the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 21(d) 
(Lock-in Change of Interest Basis – Lock-in 
Determination Date) will apply in respect of a 
Lock-in Determination Date instead of this 
paragraph 
13(iv) 
where 
"Preceding 
Determination" 
is 
specified 
as 
the 
Determination Date Valuation Method) 
(In the case of Notes for which Mandatory Early 
Redemption applies, the provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 22(b)(iii) (Mandatory 
Early Redemption Events – MER Determination 
Date) will apply in respect of a MER 
Determination Date instead of this paragraph 
13(iv) where "Preceding Determination" is 
specified as the Determination Date Valuation 
Method) 
(Include for Lock-in Change of Interest Basis or 
Mandatory Early Redemption (in each case, 
where a relevant reference/barrier is an FX 
Rate) where "Succeeding Determination" is 
specified as the Determination Date Valuation 
Method) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST AMOUNTS 
(In the case of Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates, each reference below 
to "interest", "Interest Payment Date", "Interest Period" and "Interest Rate" (and related expressions) 
shall be changed to "premium", "Premium Payment Date", "Premium Period", "Premium Rate" and 
"Premium Underlying".) 
 Interest Provisions 
[Applicable[, subject as provided in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes)]/[Not Applicable – the 
Notes do not bear or pay interest]  
 
 
 
[Payment of interest is also subject to the 
"Provisions relating to Credit Linked Notes" as 
specified in item 18 below] 
[See item 18 above] (Specify for Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph)

--- Page 1235 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1235 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 (i) 
(A) 
Fixed 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [[14(x)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] [14 
(xvii)] [below] ]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Fixed Interest Rate 
(Specify Fixed Interest Rate if Accrual is 
applicable)] 
 
 
Specified Fixed Rate[s]: 
[[] per cent. per annum] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] (Specify each Specified Fixed Rate if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest Amount[s]: 
[[]per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the 
Interest Table] (Specify each Interest Amount if 
more than one by inserting an Interest Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(a)(ii) (Accrual applicable to Fixed 
Rate Notes)][, subject as provided in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 3 (Dual Currency 
Notes)] 
 
 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on][]] [As set 
out in the Interest Table] (Specify each Broken 
Amount if more than one by inserting an Interest 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1)[, subject as provided in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 3 (Dual Currency 
Notes)] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions apply: 
[[] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 6(h) (Business Day Convention))]] 
[As set out in paragraph 14(ii) below] 
[As set out in the Interest Table] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date

--- Page 1236 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1236 
 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
(If more than one fixed interest amount and/or 
broken amount, specify Interest Payment Dates 
to which each fixed rate applies by inserting an 
Interest Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
[EITHER: 
 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Not Applicable 
 
 
[OR: 
 
 
 
II. 
Accrual: 
Applicable 
 
 
III. Range 
Accrual 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 14(ii) below][Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
IV. Interest Period End Date(s): [Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
 
 
 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Specify each 
Interest Period End Date by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
 
V. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360]  
 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[1/1]  
 
 
VI. Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year (Insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or scheduled 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day

--- Page 1237 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1237 
 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
VII. Margin(s) (for the Specified 
Fixed Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Specify each 
Margin if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
 
VIII. Interest Participation Rate 
(for the Specified Fixed 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] (Specify each Interest Participation Rate 
if more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
(B) Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] [and] 
[14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] [14(xvii)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
I. 
Specified Period(s)/Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which 
the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions apply: 
[Subject 
as 
provided 
in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [[] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]] (See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] [As set out in paragraph 14(ii) 
below] [Delayed Payment applies see paragraph 
14(i) 
[(VII/(IX)/(X)/(XI) 
below] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day 
of an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
 
II. 
Interest Period End Date(s): [Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to, and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]] [(See

--- Page 1238 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1238 
 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention)] [No Adjustment]  
 
 
 
[As set out in the [Reference Rate/Floating Rate] 
Table] (Specify each Interest Period End Date 
by inserting a Reference Rate Table or Floating 
Rate Table (as applicable), the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(Where ISDA Determination applies, the 2021 
Definitions are specified and Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) is the Day Count Fraction, specify No 
Adjustment to follow the standard ISDA 
election) 
 
 
III. Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Floating Interest Rate(s) 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination 
/ 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
€STR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
SARON 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination] applies. 
 
 
IV. Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[] 
 
 
V. 
Range 
Accrual 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 14(ii) below] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
VI. Screen Rate Determination: [Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[Insert currency] [EURIBOR / STIBOR / 
NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] 
[BBSW (being the Sydney average mid rate for 
AUD bills of exchange)] [BKBM (being the 
Wellington rate for New Zealand Dollar bills of 
exchange)]  
 
 
 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] (Specify 
the Reference Rate (and other details of such 
Reference Rate) which applies to each Interest 
Period ending on an Interest Period End Date 
by inserting a Reference Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: [[] month[s]] [(the "Designated Maturity") 
(Include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is

--- Page 1239 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1239 
 
applicable)] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Specified Time: 
[][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [As 
specified 
in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [As 
specified 
in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: 
[Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s)]/[(specify)] day on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in [(specify)] prior to the start of each 
Interest Period/First day of each Interest 
Period/[(specify)] day on which T2 is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period] [As specified 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) 
(Definitions)] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
 
• 
Page: 
[][As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
VII. ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are 
Applicable, note that the Conditions have been 
reviewed in relation to Version 8 dated 10 
March 2023 of the 2021 Definitions and the 
Floating Rate Matrix. If a later version is to be 
followed, the Conditions should be reviewed 
carefully to ensure compatibility with the 
relevant ISDA Rate before use) 
 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[] [As set out in the Floating Rate Table] 
(Specify the Floating Rate Option (and other 
details of such Floating Rate Option) which 
applies to each Interest Period ending on an 
Interest Period End Date by inserting a Floating

--- Page 1240 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1240 
 
Rate Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
(Where the 2021 Definitions are Applicable, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included 
in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 Definitions)) 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: [][As set out in the Floating Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option) 
 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[][First 
day 
of 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Period][Last day of the relevant Interest Period] 
(Specify for a Compounded/Average Floating 
Rate Option, an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
which 
has 
an 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding/Averaging 
Method 
or 
a 
Compounded Index Floating Rate Option) [The 
first day of the next following Interest Period 
(other than the Final Interest Period), in which 
case, the Reset Date will be the [Scheduled] 
Maturity Date/Arrears Setting] (Specify the first 
option if Arrears Setting applies under the 2021 
ISDA Definitions and the second option under 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions) [As set out in the 
Floating Rate Table] [subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert the 
same Business Day Convention as for Interest 
Period End Dates unless "No Adjustment" 
applies to such dates, in which case delete the 
reference to Business Day Convention so that 
relevant ISDA fallbacks relating to Business 
Day Conventions will apply) 
 
 
• 
Fixing Day: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 
2006 Definitions apply) 
 
 
• 
Fixing Time: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 
2006 Definitions apply)

--- Page 1241 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1241 
 
 
 
• 
Payment 
Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(b)(i)(2)(a)/Not 
Applicable] [As set out in the Floating Rate 
Table] [] (specify any other adjustment that 
should apply) 
 
 
• 
Period 
End 
Date/Termination 
Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Floating Rate Table] 
 
 
• 
Business Day (for the 
purposes of the ISDA 
Definitions): 
[][As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions][As set out in the Floating Rate 
Table]] 
 
 
• 
Floored 
ISDA 
Rate/Floored Interest 
Amount: 
[Floored 
[ISDA 
Rate]/[Interest 
Amount]: 
Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Floating Rate Table] 
 
 
• 
Compounding/Averag
ing: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Floating Rate Table] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" or "Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method" is applicable.) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not 
Applicable][specify any other method and 
include all relevant details] (Only where the 
2021 Definitions apply) 
 
 
• 
Overnight Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift/Averaging 
with 
Lockout/Not 
Applicable][Specify any other method and 
include all relevant details] (Only where the 
2021 Definitions apply) 
 
 
• 
Lookback: 
[[] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified 
in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Applicable 
only 
for 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback or Averaging with Lookback) 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[[] Observation Period Shift Business Days] 
/[As specified in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1242 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1242 
 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: []/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable 
only 
for 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift) 
 
 
• 
Lockout: 
[[] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] (Applicable only for Compounding 
with Lockout or Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[]/ 
[Applicable 
Business 
Days]] 
(Specify 
Applicable Business Days unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
 
 
• 
[Average Rate 
Fixing Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period 
or in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]/[The day [] Applicable 
Business Days preceding the [Reset Date]/[first 
day of the next following Interest Period or in 
the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]]] (Only include if the 2006 
Definitions apply and the specified Floating 
Rate Option is a Published Average Rate)] 
 
 
• 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Floating Rate Table] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[] 
Business Days] [As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions]] 
 
 
• 
Daily Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Floating Rate Table] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate 
and Daily Floored Rate prompts below) 
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%] 
 
 
• 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[]] ((Only relevant where an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" applies or the "Index 
Provisions" are specified as Applicable. If not

--- Page 1243 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1243 
 
included this will be the denominator of the Day 
Count Fraction) 
 
 
• 
Index 
provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Floating Rate Table] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate 
Option and an Index Method.) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
• 
Index Method: [Standard Index Method (May only be selected 
if the 2021 Definitions are specified)/[All-in] 
Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index 
Method 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]][Specify any other relevant method 
and specify the relevant details] (Only where the 
2021 Definitions apply) 
(Include 
the 
following 
only 
if 
using 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Not Applicable should be specified unless the 
standard position under the ISDA Definitions is 
to be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: []]] 
 
 
• 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the denominator 
of the Day Count Fraction) 
 
 
• 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable (Specify the Interest Period(s) to 
which this applies and the Shorter Designated 
Maturity 
and 
the 
Longer 
Designated 
Maturity)/Not Applicable][As set out in the 
Floating Rate Table] 
 
 
VIII. SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: [SONIA] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
 
 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1244 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1244 
 
 
 
 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
 
 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Lag): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
 
 
Page: 
[] [SONIAOSR=] [As set out in the Reference 
Rate Table][Not Applicable] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert where Index Determination does not 
apply: Fifth London Banking Day prior to the 
end of each Interest Period] [Insert where Index 
Determination applies:  The day falling the 
Relevant Number of London Banking Days 
prior to the relevant Final Interest Period End 
Date for which purpose "Relevant Number" 
means [insert number being two or greater] [] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
IX. SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: [SOFR] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Not 
Applicable/SOFR 
OIS 
Compounding/SOFR 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback/SOFR 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(Specify 
not 
applicable 
where 
Index 
Determination is applicable) 
 
 
 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is SOFR OIS Compounding or Index 
Determination is applicable. N.B. must be at 
least two such relevant days to allow clearing 
system payments)

--- Page 1245 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1245 
 
 
 
 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-
Index Determination: Second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date] [] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number 
of 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant Final Interest 
Period End Date and "Relevant Number" 
means [insert number being two or greater]] [] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
(Applicable where SOFR OIS Compounding is 
the Compounding Method) 
 
 
 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
X. 
€STR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: [€STR] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Page: 
[] 
 
 
 
Compounding 
Method: 
[€STR OIS Compounding/€STR Compounding 
with 
Lookback/€STR 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] T2 Business Days] [As 
set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is €STR OIS Compounding. N.B. must 
be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments)

--- Page 1246 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1246 
 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] (Applicable only 
where 
€STR 
OIS 
Compounding 
is 
the 
Compounding Method) 
 
 
 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [[] T2 
Business Days] [As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] 
€STR Reference Rate Cut-Off Date: [] [2] T2 
Business Days] 
(Applicable where €STR OIS Compounding is 
the Compounding Method) 
 
 
 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
XI. 
SARON 
Floating 
Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: [SARON] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
 
 
 
Page: 
[] 
 
 
 
Compounding 
Method: 
[SARON 
OIS 
Compounding/ 
SARON 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback/ 
SARON 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
 
 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] Zurich Banking Days] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is SARON OIS Compounding. N.B. must 
be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table]  
[As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] (Applicable only 
where SARON OIS Compounding is the 
Compounding Method)

--- Page 1247 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1247 
 
 
 
 
Delayed 
Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [[] Zurich 
Banking Days] [As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] 
SARON Reference Rate Cut-Off Date: [] [2] 
Zurich Banking Days] 
(Applicable where SARON OIS Compounding is 
the Compounding Method) 
 
 
 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
[Not Applicable]  
 
 
XII. Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(Specify for each short or long interest period)] 
 
 
XIII. Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable in respect of the 
[Screen Rate]/[ISDA Rate]/[SONIA Floating 
Rate]/[SONIA Index Floating Rate]/[SOFR  
Floating 
Rate]/[SOFR 
Index 
Floating 
Rate]/[€STR Floating Rate]/[SARON Floating 
Rate][+/-][] per cent. per annum] (Specify 
each Margin if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
XIV. Minimum Interest Rate (for 
Floating Interest Rate): 
[] [See paragraph 14(ii) below] (Insert for 
Range Accrual Notes) [As set out in the Rate 
Table][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
XV. Maximum Interest Rate (for 
Floating Interest Rate): 
[][See paragraph 14(ii) below] (Insert for 
Range Accrual Notes) [As set out in the Rate 
Table][Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
XVI. Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)]

--- Page 1248 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1248 
 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
 
 
[Calculation/252] 
 
 
 
[RBA Bond Basis] (May be selected only if the 
2021 Definitions are specified) 
 
 
XVII. 
Determination 
Dates: 
[[] in each year (Insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or scheduled 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
XVIII. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Applicable 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
[Screen 
Rate]/[ISDA 
Rate]/[SONIA 
Floating 
Rate]/[SONIA Index Floating Rate]/[SOFR  
Floating 
Rate]/[SOFR 
Index 
Floating 
Rate]/[€STR Floating Rate]/[SARON Floating 
Rate] []][As set out in the Rate Table]/[Not 
Applicable] (Specify each Interest Participation 
Rate if more than one by inserting a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
 
 
(C) Inflation Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] 
[14(xiv)] 
[and] 
[14(xv)] 
[and] 
[14(xvi)] 
[below]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
I. 
Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which the Inflation Rate 
Note Provisions apply: 
[Subject 
as 
provided 
in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [] [in each [year] [month] 
from, and including, [] to and including, []] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business

--- Page 1249 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1249 
 
Day Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 6(h) (Business Day Convention))]  
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day 
of an Interest Period) 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Specify each 
Interest Payment Date by inserting a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Inflation Rate Note 
Provisions only apply to the Interest Payment 
Date(s) where the related Interest Period falls 
during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] [the 
Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on 
(and including) the Lock-in Date [[]/ 
immediately 
succeeding 
Lock-in 
Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
 
II. 
Interest Period End Date(s): [Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
III. Interest Amount Inflation 
Index: 
[(specify Underlying)] 
 
 
IV. Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(Specify each Margin if different for each 
Interest Payment Date by tabulating this 
information in a Rate Table, the form of which 
is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
V. 
UCL 
Relevant 
Months 
Prior: 
[specify] months 
 
 
VI. UCL 12 + Relevant Months 
Prior: 
[specify] months 
 
 
VII. DCF: 
[30/360] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]

--- Page 1250 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1250 
 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
 
VIII. Interest Participation Rate 
(IPR): 
[] [As set out in the Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify each Interest Participation 
Rate if different for each Interest Payment Date 
by tabulating this information in a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
 
 
IX. Minimum Interest Amount: [[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the 
Rate Table] [Not Applicable] (Specify each 
Minimum Interest Amount if different for each 
Interest Payment Date by tabulating this 
information in a Rate Table, the form of which 
is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
specify 'Not Applicable') 
 
 
X. 
Maximum Interest Amount: [[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the 
Rate Table] [Not Applicable] (Specify each 
Maximum Interest Amount if different for each 
Interest Payment Date by tabulating this 
information in a Rate Table, the form of which 
is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
(D) 
DIR Inflation Linked Interest 
Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] 
[14(xiv)] [and] [14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [below]] 
/ Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
 
I. 
Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which the DIR Inflation 
Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions apply: 
[Subject 
as 
provided 
in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [] [in each [year] [month] 
from, and including, [] to and including, []] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 6(h) (Business Day Convention))]  
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day 
of an Interest Period)

--- Page 1251 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1251 
 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Specify each 
Interest Payment Date by inserting a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
[PROVIDED THAT the DIR Inflation Linked 
Interest Note Provisions only apply to the 
Interest Payment Date(s) where the related 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
 
II. 
Interest Period End Date(s): [Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
III. DIR Index: 
[Specify Underlying] 
 
 
IV. Base Index Figure: 
[] 
 
 
V. 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable / [+1-] [] per amount per 
annum] [As set out in the Rate Table] (Specify 
each Margin if different for each Interest 
Payment Date by tabulating this information in 
a Rate Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
VI. Index Month A: 
[Specify number of calendar months] calendar 
months 
 
 
VII. Index Month B: 
[Specify number of calendar months] calendar 
months 
 
 
VIII. DCF: 
[30/360] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
 
IX. Interest Participation Rate 
(IPR): 
[] [As set out in the Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify each Interest Participation 
Rate if different for each Interest Payment Date

--- Page 1252 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1252 
 
by tabulating this information in a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
 
 
X. 
Minimum Interest Amount: [[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the 
Rate Table] [Not Applicable] (Specify each 
Minimum Interest Amount if different for each 
Interest Payment Date by tabulating this 
information in a Rate Table, the form of which 
is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
specify 'Not Applicable') 
 
 
XI. Maximum Interest Amount: [[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the 
Rate Table] [Not Applicable] (Specify each 
Maximum Interest Amount if different for each 
Interest Payment Date by tabulating this 
information in a Rate Table, the form of which 
is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
(E) CMS 
Interest 
Linked 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[- 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] [and] 
[14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] [14(xvii)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
I. 
Interest Payment Date(s) to 
which the CMS Interest 
Linked 
Note 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Subject 
as 
provided 
in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [[] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))]] [As set out in 
paragraph 14(ii) below] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day 
of an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the CMS Interest Linked 
Note Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date

--- Page 1253 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1253 
 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
 
II. 
Interest Period End Date(s): [Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] (Specify 
each Interest Period End Date by inserting a 
Rate Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
III. Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent]/[] 
 
 
IV. Range 
Accrual 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 14(ii) below] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
V. 
CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
 
[CMS Reference Rate 
[1]] (If CMS Interest 
Rate is "Worse of 
CMS Interest Rates" 
or 
"CMS 
Spread 
Interest Rate", insert 
heading 
"CMS 
Reference Rate 1") 
[CMS Reference Rate 2] 
(If CMS Interest Rate is 
"Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread 
Interest Rate", insert 
this column) 
 
 
• 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/JPY 
10:00/JPY 
15:00/USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/JPY 
10:00/JPY 15:00/USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: [][month[s]/year[s]] [][month[s]/year[s]] 
 
 
• 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] 
(Insert 
if 
Relevant Swap Rate is 
Mid-Market 
Swap 
Rate) 
[] [As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 5(h) 
(Definitions)] 
[] [As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 5(h) 
(Definitions)] 
 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
[] 
 
 
• 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
[]

--- Page 1254 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1254 
 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate Determination is 
applicable: []] [] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []] [] 
 
 
• 
Page: 
[] 
[] 
 
 
• 
Minimum Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[][Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period 
if 
different 
by 
inserting 
a 
Rate 
Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
[][Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
• 
Maximum Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[][Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period 
if 
different 
by 
inserting 
a 
Rate 
Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
[][Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
VI. Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(Specify for each short or long interest period)] 
 
 
VII. Margin 
[1] 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Specify each 
Margin [1] if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
[Margin 
2 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Specify each 
Margin 2 if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
 
VIII. Minimum Interest Rate (for 
CMS Interest Rate): 
[][See paragraph 14(ii) below] (Insert for 
Range Accrual Notes) [As set out in the Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1255 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1255 
 
 
 
 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
IX. Maximum Interest Rate (for 
CMS Interest Rate): 
[][See paragraph 14(ii) below] (Insert for 
Range Accrual Notes) [As set out in the Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
X. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
 
XI. Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year (Insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or scheduled 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
XII. Interest Participation Rate 
[1] (for CMS Reference 
Rate [1]): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph XIII) 
 
 
XIII. Interest Participation Rate 2 
(for CMS Reference Rate 
2): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(ii) 
Range Accrual Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] [and]

--- Page 1256 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1256 
 
[14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] [14(xvii)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(A) Interest Period(s) and/or Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which the 
Range Accrual Note Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
from, and including, [] to, but excluding, [][, 
subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes),] [ [] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
(See 
General 
Condition 6(h) (Business Day Convention))] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day 
of an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Range Accrual Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
 
(B) Interest Rate[s]: 
[Fixed Interest Rate: see paragraph 14(i) 
above/Floating Interest Rate: see paragraph 
14(i)(B) 
above/CMS 
Interest 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 14(i)(E) above/Synthetic Forward 
Interest Rate: see paragraph 14(viii) below]  
(Specify each rate of interest if more than one by 
inserting a Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1)  
 
 
(C) Single Reference Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(D) Dual Reference Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(E) Triple Reference Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(F) Reference 
Observation 
[1] 
(Insert "Reference Observation 
1" if Dual Reference Observation 
or Triple Reference Observation 
is applicable): 
[Specify what the Reference Observation will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 6 (Range Accrual Notes)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where there is more than 
one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier is

--- Page 1257 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1257 
 
different for each Reference Rate for each 
relevant interest period.]  
[See paragraph 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
[If Dual Reference Observation is specified to be 
applicable, 
specify 
what 
the 
Reference 
Observation will be for each of Reference 
Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2 
below and if Triple Reference Observation is 
specified to be applicable, specify what the 
Reference Observation will be for each of 
Reference 
Observation 
1, 
Reference 
Observation 2 and Reference Observation 3 
below.] 
 
 
 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Observation (or if Dual Reference Observation 
or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, 
Reference Observation 1) is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Schedule which 
contains the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
Barrier [1] (Insert "Barrier 1" if 
Dual Reference Observation or 
Triple Reference Observation is 
applicable): 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1, and 
where there is more than one Reference Rate, 
whether the Barrier [1] is different for each 
Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Barrier Reference: 
[Greater than the Barrier [1]/Greater than or 
equal to the Barrier [1]/Less than the Barrier 
[1]/Less than or equal to the Barrier [1]] (Insert 
"Barrier 1" if Dual Reference Observation is 
applicable) [Not Applicable]  
 
 
Lower Range [1] (Insert "Lower 
Range 1" if Dual Reference 
Observation or Triple Reference 
Observation is applicable): 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Lower Range [1] Option (Insert 
"Lower Range 1 Option" if Dual 
Reference Observation or Triple 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable): 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the 
Lower Range [1]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Upper Range [1] (Insert "Upper 
Range 1" if Dual Reference 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of

--- Page 1258 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1258 
 
Observation or Triple Reference 
Observation is applicable):  
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Upper Range [1] Option (Insert 
"Upper Range 1 Option" if Dual 
Reference Observation or Triple 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable): 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper 
Range [1]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate [One(s)] (for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]): 
(Insert "Reference Observation 
1" if Dual Reference Observation 
or Triple Reference Observation 
is applicable) 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant 
Spread Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see 
paragraph 14(vi)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 
[One(s)], including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the 
Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating 
Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, insert the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. 
If there is more than one Reference Rate 
[One(s)], repeat this paragraph for each 
Reference Rate [One(s)])  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate [One(s)] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate Two(s) (for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]):] 
(Insert if applicable) 
[[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate/Floating 
Interest 
Rate/CMS 
Interest 
Rate/Spread 
Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread Rate/Spread Reference 
Rate: see paragraph 14(vi)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two 
by repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph 
above for Reference Rate Two, including any 
Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If there is more than one 
Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph for 
each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate Two(s) is different for each Interest Period, 
insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table)] 
 
 
(Insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Dual Reference Observation" or 
"Triple Reference Observation" is applicable)

--- Page 1259 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1259 
 
 
 
(G) Reference Observation 2: 
[Specify what the Reference Observation 2 will 
be from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 6 (Range Accrual Notes)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one 
Reference Rate whether the Barrier is different 
for each Reference Rate for each relevant 
interest period] 
 
 
 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
 
 
 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Observation 2 is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Barrier 2:] (Insert if Barrier 1 is 
specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1, and 
where there is more than one Reference Rate, 
whether the Barrier 2 is different for each 
Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Barrier Reference:] (Insert if 
Barrier 2 is specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 2/Greater than or equal 
to the Barrier 2/Less than the Barrier 2/Less than 
or equal to the Barrier 2]  
 
 
[Lower Range 2:] (Insert if 
Lower Range 1 is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Lower Range 2 Option:] (Insert 
if Lower Range 2 is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the 
Lower Range 2] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Upper Range 2:] (Insert if Upper 
Range 1 is specified) 
[][As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper Range 2 Option:] (Insert 
if Upper Range 2 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper 
Range 2] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate [One(s)] (for 
Reference Observation 2): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant 
Spread Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see 
paragraph 14(vi)] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1260 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1260 
 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 
[One(s)], including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the 
Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating 
Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, insert the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If 
there is more than one Reference Rate [One(s)], 
repeat this paragraph for each Reference Rate 
[One(s)])  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate [One(s)] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate Two(s) (for 
Reference 
Observation 
2):] 
(Insert if applicable) 
[[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate/Floating 
Interest 
Rate/CMS 
Interest 
Rate/Spread 
Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread Rate/Spread Reference 
Rate: see paragraph 14(vi)]  
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two 
by repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph 
above for Reference Rate Two, including any 
Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If there is more than one 
Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph for 
each Reference Rate Two) 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate Two(s) is different for each Interest Period, 
insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table)] 
 
(Insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Triple Reference Observation" is applicable) 
 
(H) [Reference Observation 3: 
[Specify what the Reference Observation 3 will 
be from the options set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 6 (Range Accrual Notes)] 
[If applicable specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one 
Reference Rate whether the Barrier is different 
for each Reference Rate for each relevant 
interest period] 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Observation 3 is different for each Interest

--- Page 1261 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1261 
 
Period, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table) 
 
[Barrier 3:] (Insert if Barrier 1 is 
specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1, and 
where there is more than one Reference Rate, 
whether the Barrier 3 is different for each 
Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Barrier Reference:] (Insert if 
Barrier 3 is specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 3/Greater than or equal 
to the Barrier 3/Less than the Barrier 3/Less than 
or equal to the Barrier 3]  
 
[Lower Range 3:] (Insert if Lower 
Range 1 is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Lower Range 3 Option:] (Insert if 
Lower Range 3 is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the 
Lower Range 3] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Upper Range 3:] (Insert if Upper 
Range 1 is specified) 
[] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Upper Range 3 Option:] (Insert if 
Upper Range 3 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper 
Range 3] [Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate [One(s)] (for 
Reference Observation 3): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant 
Spread Rate/Spread Reference Rate: see 
paragraph 14(vi)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 
[One(s)], including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If the 
Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating 
Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, insert the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 
as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as 
required. If there is more than one Reference 
Rate [One(s)], repeat this paragraph for each 
Reference Rate [One(s)])  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate [One(s)] is different for each Interest

--- Page 1262 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1262 
 
Period, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table) 
 
[Reference Rate Two(s) (for 
Reference 
Observation 
3):] 
(Insert if applicable) 
[[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate/Floating 
Interest 
Rate/CMS 
Interest 
Rate/Spread 
Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread Rate/Spread Reference 
Rate: see paragraph 14(vi)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two 
by repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph 
above for Reference Rate Two, including any 
Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If there is more than one 
Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph for 
each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Reference 
Rate Two(s) is different for each Interest Period, 
insert the Schedule which contains the 
Reference Observation Table)] 
 
(I) 
Lev: 
[[]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant Interest Period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(J) 
Adj: 
[[]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant Interest Period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(K) RA Cap: 
[[]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant Interest Period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(L) RA Floor: 
[[]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant Interest Period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(M) Protected 
Range 
Accrual 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Protection Level: [[]%] [As set out in the 
Range Accrual Table] (Specify for each relevant 
Interest Period by inserting the Range Accrual

--- Page 1263 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1263 
 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1)] 
 
(N) Accrual Days: 
[calendar days/Business Days] 
 
(O) Accrual Business Day Centre: 
[] [Not Applicable] (N.B. this relates to the 
definition of "Accrual Business Day", specify 
this if the Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date is a 
specified number of Accrual Business Days. 
This is not applicable if the Accrual Cut-Off 
Date is the Default Accrual Cut-Off Date) 
 
(P) Accrual Cut-Off Date: 
[Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date] [Default 
Accrual Cut-Off Date] 
(The "Accrual Cut-Off Date" is the specified 
number of calendar days or Accrual Business 
Days preceding the last day of the relevant 
Interest Period (Specified Accrual Cut-Off 
Date) and shall be five Accrual Days if "Default 
Accrual Cut-Off Date" is specified) 
 
− 
Specified Accrual Cut-Off 
Date: 
[] [calendar day/Accrual Business Day] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(Q) Any or All: 
[Any][All][Not Applicable] 
(Include where the Reference Observation is a 
basket of two or more Reference Rates) 
 
(R) Minimum Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [14(i)(B)/14(i)(E)] above] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(S) Maximum Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [14(i)(B)/14(i)(E)] above] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(T) Minimum Interest Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the 
Rate Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Minimum Interest 
Amount for different Interest Periods, this 
information may be set out in a "Rate Table") 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
specify 'Not Applicable') 
 
(U) Maximum Interest Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the 
Rate Table] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1264 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1264 
 
(If there is more than one Maximum Interest 
Amount for different Interest Periods, this 
information may be set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
(iii) 
Digital Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] [and] 
[14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] [14(xvii)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Interest Period(s) and/or Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which the 
Digital Note Provisions apply: 
[Subject 
as 
provided 
in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [] [in each [year] [month] 
from, and including, [] to and including, []] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted] (See General 
Condition 6(h) (Business Day Convention)) 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day 
of an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Digital Note Provisions 
only apply where the relevant Interest Period 
falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] 
[the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on 
(and including) the Lock-in Date [[]/ 
immediately 
succeeding 
Lock-in 
Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
(B) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]] [(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] [No Adjustment] 
 
(C) Back Up Rate: 
[] 
[Include details of whether the Back Up Rate is 
a (i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest 
Rate, and whether Screen Rate Determination 
or ISDA Determination applies, or (iii) CMS 
Interest Rate, and in all cases specify details of 
all other relevant terms e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes

--- Page 1265 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1265 
 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required), in all cases this would 
include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Note Provisions as appropriate] 
 
(D) Digital Reference Rate: 
[] 
 
[Include details of whether the Digital 
Reference Rate is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) 
Floating Interest Rate, and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies, 
or (iii) CMS Interest Rate or (iv) FX Rate, and 
in all cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate (by inserting the details set out 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph, as required), in all cases this 
would include being determined by reference to 
the Spread Note Provisions as appropriate] 
[Where the Digital Reference Rate is an FX 
Rate: See paragraph 13 for details of the FX 
Rate] 
 
(E) Reserve Rate: 
[] 
 
[Include details of whether the Reserve Rate will 
be the sum of more than one rate (each a 
"Specified Rate") or one rate less another rate 
(each a "Specified Rate") and whether the 
Reserve Rate or each Specified Rate is a (i) 
Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest Rate, 
and whether Screen Rate Determination or 
ISDA Determination applies, or (iii) CMS 
Interest Rate, and in all cases specify details of 
all other relevant terms e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required), in all cases this would 
include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Note Provisions as appropriate] 
 
(F) Digital Rate: 
[] 
 
[Include details of whether the Digital Rate is a 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest 
Rate, and whether Screen Rate Determination 
or ISDA Determination applies, or (iii) CMS

--- Page 1266 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1266 
 
Interest Rate, and in all cases specify details of 
all other relevant terms e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required), in all cases this would 
include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Note Provisions as appropriate] 
 
(G) Reserve Rate Reference: 
[Greater than the Reserve Rate/Greater than or 
equal to the Reserve Rate/Less than the Reserve 
Rate/Less than or equal to the Reserve Rate] 
 
(H) Minimum Interest Rate (for the 
Digital Interest Rate): 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Maximum Interest Rate (for the 
Digital Interest Rate): 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
(J) Digital Determination Date: 
[] 
 
(K) [Interest Period End Date(s):] 
(insert if required) 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))]  
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
 
(L) [Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (Insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a

--- Page 1267 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1267 
 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
(iv) 
Digital Band Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] [and] 
[14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] [14(xvii)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Interest Period(s) and/or Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which the 
Digital Band Note Provisions 
apply: 
[Subject 
as 
provided 
in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [] [in each [year] [month] 
from, and including, [] to and including, []] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 6(h) (Business Day Convention))]] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day 
of an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Digital Band Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
(B) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]] [(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] [No Adjustment] 
 
(C) Reference Rate Only or Reference 
Rate One minus Reference Rate 
Two: 
[Reference Rate Only/Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two] applicable 
 
(D) [Reference Rate:] 
[] 
 
 
(Where there are different Reference Rate(s) for 
different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates, specify in relation to each

--- Page 1268 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1268 
 
Reference Rate(s), the Interest Period(s) and/or 
Interest Payment Dates, to which it applies) 
 
 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate, 
as applicable, and whether the Reference Rate 
is a (a) Floating Interest Rate, and whether 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
or 
ISDA 
Determination applies, or (b) CMS Interest Rate 
or (c) FX Rate, and in all cases specify details of 
all other relevant terms e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate, by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required] 
[Where the Reference Rate is an FX Rate: See 
paragraph 13 for details of the FX Rate] 
 
[Reference Rate One:] 
[] 
 
 
(Where there are different Reference Rate Ones 
for different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates, specify in relation to each 
Reference Rate One, the Interest Period(s) 
and/or Interest Payment Dates, to which it 
applies) 
 
 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate 
One, as applicable, and whether Reference Rate 
One is a (a) Floating Interest Rate, and whether 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
or 
ISDA 
Determination applies, or (b) CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate, by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required] 
 
[Reference Rate Two:] 
[] 
 
 
(Where there are different Reference Rate Twos, 
for different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates specify in relation to each 
Reference Rate Two, the Interest Period(s) 
and/or Interest Payment Dates, to which it 
applies)

--- Page 1269 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1269 
 
 
 
[Include details of the or each Reference Rate 
Two, as applicable, and whether Reference Rate 
Two is a (a) Floating Interest Rate, and whether 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
or 
ISDA 
Determination applies, or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate, by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, 
as required] 
 
(E) Bands: 
(Where there are different Bands for different 
Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, 
specify in relation to each Band the Interest 
Period and/or Interest Payment Dates to which 
it applies) 
 
 
(i) 
Band 
1: 
[The 
Reference 
Rate] 
[Reference Rate One minus Reference 
Rate Two] is [less than] [less than or 
equal to] [] [per cent.]; 
 
 
(ii) 
Band 
2: 
[The 
Reference 
Rate] 
[Reference Rate One minus Reference 
Rate Two] is [greater than][greater 
than or equal to] [] but [less than] 
[less than or equal to] [] [per cent.]; 
 
 
[(iii) 
(only include Band 3 if applicable): 
[The Reference Rate] [Reference Rate 
One minus Reference Rate Two] is 
[greater than][greater than or equal to] 
[] [but] [less than] [less than or equal 
to] [] [per cent.];] 
 
 
(if there are additional bands occurring after 
band 3 but before the last occurring band which 
shall be as described below repeat paragraph (iii) 
above for such additional bands but with the 
relevant band levels) 
 
 
[() 
Band [] (to be numerically labelled 
as the last band so if four bands in total 
this would be "Band 4") [The 
Reference Rate] [Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two] is [greater 
than] [greater than or equal to] [] [per 
cent.]

--- Page 1270 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1270 
 
 
(F) 
I. 
Band Rate in relation to 
Band 1: 
(Where there are different Band Rates for 
different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates, specify in relation to each Band 
Rate the Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates to which it applies) 
 
 
[Include details of the Band Rate for Band 1 and 
whether the Band Rate in relation to Band 1 is a 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest 
Rate, and whether Screen Rate Determination or 
ISDA Determination applies or (iii) CMS 
Interest Rate, or (iv) to be Band Rate One minus 
Band Rate Two, and in all cases specify details of 
all other relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin in relation to Band 
1, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the details 
set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
 
[Band Rate One:] 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of Band Rate One in relation to 
Band 1 and whether Band Rate One in relation 
to Band 1 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
 
 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 1 is determined pursuant to paragraph (iv) 
of "Band Rate in relation to Band 1" above") 
 
[Band Rate Two:] 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of Band Rate Two in relation to 
Band 1 and whether Band Rate Two in relation 
to Band 1 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting

--- Page 1271 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1271 
 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
 
 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 1 is determined pursuant to paragraph (iv) 
of "Band Rate in relation to Band 1" above") 
 
II. 
Band Rate in relation 
to Band 2: 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of the Band Rate for Band 2 and 
whether the Band Rate in relation to Band 2 is a 
(i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest 
Rate, and whether Screen Rate Determination 
or ISDA Determination applies or (iii) CMS 
Interest Rate, or (iv) to be Band Rate One minus 
Band Rate Two, and in all cases specify details 
of all other relevant terms e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin in relation 
to Band 2, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or 
any Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
 
[Band Rate One:] 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of Band Rate One in relation to 
Band 2 and whether Band Rate One in relation 
to Band 2 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
 
 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 2 is determined pursuant to paragraph (iv) 
of "Band Rate in relation to Band 2" above") 
 
[Band Rate Two:] 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of Band Rate Two in relation to 
Band 2 and whether Band Rate Two in relation 
to Band 2 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum

--- Page 1272 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1272 
 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
 
 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 2 is determined pursuant to paragraph (iv) 
of "Band Rate in relation to Band 2" above") 
 
III. [Band Rate in relation to 
Band 3 (only include if 
applicable): 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of the Band Rate for Band 3 and 
whether the Band Rate in relation to Band 3 is a (i) 
Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) Floating Interest Rate, 
and whether Screen Rate Determination or 
ISDA Determination applies or (iii) CMS 
Interest Rate, or (iv) to be Band Rate One minus 
Band Rate Two, and in all cases specify details 
of all other relevant terms e.g. any relevant 
Interest Determination Date, Margin in relation 
to Band 3, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or 
any Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
 
[Band Rate One:] 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of Band Rate One in relation to 
Band 3 and whether Band Rate One in relation 
to Band 3 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
 
 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 3 is determined pursuant to paragraph (iv) 
of "Band Rate in relation to Band 3" above") 
 
[Band Rate Two:] 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of Band Rate Two in relation to 
Band 3 and whether Band Rate Two in relation 
to Band 3 is a (a) Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) CMS Interest Rate,

--- Page 1273 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1273 
 
and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required] 
 
 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
Band 3 is determined pursuant to paragraph (iv) 
of "Band Rate in relation to Band 3" above")] 
 
 
(If there are additional band rates occurring 
after the band rate in relation to band 3 but 
before the last occurring band rate which shall 
be as described below, repeat paragraph (D) 
above for all such additional band rates but with 
all the relevant band rate details) 
 
IV. [Band Rate in relation to 
Band []: 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of the Band Rate for the last 
Band and whether the Band Rate in relation to 
the last Band is a (i) Fixed Interest Rate or (ii) 
Floating Interest Rate, and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies 
or (iii) CMS Interest Rate, or (iv) to be Band 
Rate One minus Band Rate Two, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms e.g. 
any relevant Interest Determination Date, 
Margin in relation to the last Band, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set out 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph, as required] 
 
[Band Rate One:] 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of Band Rate One in relation to 
the last Band and whether Band Rate One in 
relation to the last Band is a (a) Floating 
Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies 
or (b) CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required]

--- Page 1274 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1274 
 
 
 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
the last Band is determined pursuant to 
paragraph (iv) of "Band Rate in relation to Band 
[]" above") 
 
[Band Rate Two:] 
[] 
 
 
[Include details of Band Rate Two in relation to 
the last Band and whether Band Rate Two in 
relation to the last Band is a (a) Floating 
Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination applies 
or (b) CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify 
details of all other relevant terms e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required] 
 
 
(Only applicable if the Band Rate in relation to 
the last Band is determined pursuant to 
paragraph (iv) of "Band Rate in relation to Band 
[]" above")] 
 
 
(If there are additional bands repeat as 
necessary and modify as above for all additional 
bands)] 
 
(G) Minimum Interest Rate (for the 
Digital Band Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(H) Maximum Interest Rate (for the 
Digital Band Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
[Interest Period End Date(s):] 
(insert if required) 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))]  
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
 
(J) [Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]

--- Page 1275 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1275 
 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (Insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
(v) 
Inverse Floating Rate Note Provisions: [Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] [and] 
[14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] [14(xvii)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(A) Interest Period(s) and/or Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which the 
Inverse 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions apply: 
[subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes),] [] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 6(h) (Business Day Convention))] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day 
of an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Inverse Floating Rate 
Note Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
 
(B) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]] [(See

--- Page 1276 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1276 
 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] [No Adjustment 
 
 
(C) Inverse Fixed Rate: 
[] (If there is more than one Inverse Fixed Rate 
for different Interest Periods, this information 
may be set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
 
(D) Inverse Reference Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Rate Table] (If there is 
more than one Inverse Reference Rate for 
different Interest Periods, this information may 
be set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
 
 
(Include details of whether the Inverse 
Reference Rate is (A) one Reference Rate (a 
"Specified Rate") or (B) one Reference Rate (a 
"Specified Rate 1") minus another Reference 
Rate (a "Specified Rate 2", and together with 
Specified Rate 1, each a "Specified Rate"). Also 
include details in relation to the Inverse 
Reference Rate and each Specified Rate whether 
it is (a) a Floating Interest Rate and whether 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
or 
ISDA 
Determination applies or (b) a CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms e.g. Interest Determination Date, 
Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate: in all cases this would include 
being determined by reference to the Spread 
Note Provisions as appropriate. If any 
Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating 
Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, insert the 
details set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required.) 
 
 
(E) Margin(s) 
(Inverse 
Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Specify each 
Margin (Inverse Floating Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
(F) Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) 
(Inverse Floating Interest Rate): 
[] [As set out in the Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable]  
(Specify each Interest Participation Rate 
(Inverse Floating Interest Rate) if more than one 
by inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
 
(G) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[Specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not

--- Page 1277 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1277 
 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))]  
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
 
 
(H) [Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (Insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
 
(I) 
Minimum Interest Rate (for the 
Inverse Floating Interest Rate): 
[] [As set out in the Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] (If there is more than one Minimum 
Interest Rate for different Interest Periods, this 
information may be set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
 
(J) 
Maximum Interest Rate (for the 
Inverse Floating Interest Rate): 
[] [As set out in the Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] (If there is more than one Maximum 
Interest Rate for different Interest Periods, this 
information may be set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
(vi) 
Spread Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] [and] 
[14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] [14(xvii)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1278 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1278 
 
 
(A) Interest Period(s) to which the 
Spread Note Provisions apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
from, and including, [] to, but excluding, []] [
] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Spread Note Provisions 
only apply where the relevant Interest Period 
falls during the [Initial Interest Basis Period] 
[the Changed Interest Basis Period beginning on 
(and including) the Lock-in Date [[]/ 
immediately 
succeeding 
Lock-in 
Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
(B) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Subject 
as 
provided 
in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [] [in each [year] [month] 
from, and including, [] to, and including, []] 
[adjusted in accordance with [Specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 6(h) (Business Day Convention))] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day 
of an Interest Period) 
 
(C) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to, and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
 
(D) [Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1]

--- Page 1279 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1279 
 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (Insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
(E) Margin(s) (Spread Interest Rate): [Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per annum] 
(Specify each Margin (Spread Interest Rate) if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(F) Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) 
(Spread Interest Rate): 
[] [As set out in the Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify each Interest Participation 
Rate (Spread Interest Rate) if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(G) Relevant Spread Rate: 
[[Option One] [No Option One] [Spread Cap] 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Where Spread Cap is applicable, include the 
following sub-paragraphs: 
 
• 
V%: 
[] 
 
• 
Multiplier: 
[] 
 
• 
Spread Cap Margin: 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per annum] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Specify each 
Spread Cap Margin if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
• 
Rate X: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
• 
Rate Y: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
• 
Rate Z: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3]] 
 
(H) Spread Rate 1: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 1 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
1 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable]  
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 1 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of two or more specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) 
a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen

--- Page 1280 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1280 
 
Rate Determination, ISDA Determination, 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination, SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating 
Rate Determination or SARON Floating Rate 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required) 
 
• 
Spread 
Rate 
1 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 1 Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Spread Rate 2: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 2 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
2 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 2 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of two or more specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) 
a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate Determination, ISDA Determination, 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination, SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating 
Rate Determination or SARON Floating Rate 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required) 
 
• 
Spread 
Rate 
2 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 2 Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(J) Spread Rate 3: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 3 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
3 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1281 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1281 
 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 3 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of two or more specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) 
a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate Determination, ISDA Determination, 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination, SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating 
Rate Determination or SARON Floating Rate 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required) 
 
• 
Spread 
Rate 
3 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 3 Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(K) Minimum Interest Rate (for the 
Spread Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(L) Maximum Interest Rate (for the 
Spread Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(M) [Spread Reference Rate in respect 
of Spread Rate [1/2/3]: 
(Specify whether Spread Reference Rate is (i) 
one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two and, in each case, 
whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination, ISDA 
Determination, 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination, 
SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination, 
€STR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination or SARON Floating Rate 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this

--- Page 1282 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1282 
 
paragraph, as required)] (Include if not 
specified above and repeat as necessary) 
 
(vii) 
Volatility Bond Note Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] [and] 
[14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] [14(xvii)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Interest Period(s) to which the 
Volatility Bond Note Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
[from, and including, [] to, but excluding, []] 
[] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Volatility Bond Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
(B) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Subject 
as 
provided 
in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [] [in each [year] [month] 
from, and including, [] to, and including, []] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 6(h) (Business Day Convention))]  
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day 
of an Interest Period) 
 
(C) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
 
(D) [Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]

--- Page 1283 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1283 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (Insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
(E) Margin(s) 
(Volatility 
Bond 
Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per annum] 
(Specify each Margin (Volatility Bond Interest 
Rate) if more than one by inserting a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
 
(F) Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) 
(Volatility Bond Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] (Specify each Interest 
Participation Rate (Volatility Bond Interest 
Rate) if more than one by inserting a Rate Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
 
(G) Shout Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[] 
 
• 
Shout Option Cut-off Time: [9:00 a.m. (London time)] [specify time] 
 
• 
Details for giving notice to 
the 
Issuer 
and 
the 
Calculation Agent: 
[Specify 
address 
/ 
e-mail 
address 
and 
department / desk to whom the relevant notice 
should be addressed] 
[Specify any additional notice details required]  
 
(H) Volatility Bond Rate 1: 
Volatility Bond Reference Rate [plus/minus] 
[Volatility Bond Rate 1 Margin][, and 
multiplied by Volatility Bond Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate]

--- Page 1284 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1284 
 
(Specify whether the Volatility Bond Reference 
Rate for Volatility Bond Rate 1 is (i) one 
Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of two or more 
specified Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate 
One minus Reference Rate Two and, in each case, 
whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and whether 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
or 
ISDA 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate, or (d) a Forward Rate, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms for each 
such rate e.g. any relevant Interest Determination 
Date, Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set out in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph, as required) 
(Expected to be determined on or about the end 
of the relevant Interest Period – the Shout Option, 
if exercised, would operate to change this rate) 
 
• 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 
Interest Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 
Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Volatility Bond Rate 2: 
Volatility Bond Reference Rate [plus/minus] 
[Volatility Bond Rate 2 Margin][, and 
multiplied by Volatility Bond Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
(Specify whether the Volatility Bond Reference 
Rate for Volatility Bond Rate 2 is (i) one 
Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of two or more 
specified Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate 
One minus Reference Rate Two and, in each 
case, whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate, or (d) a Forward Rate, and in all cases 
specify details of all other relevant terms for 
each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required)

--- Page 1285 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1285 
 
(Expected to be determined on or about the 
beginning of the relevant Interest Period) 
 
• 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 
Interest Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 
Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(J) Minimum Interest Rate (for the 
Volatility Bond Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(K) Maximum Interest Rate (for the 
Volatility Bond Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Synthetic 
Forward 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] [and] 
[14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] [14(xvii)] 
[below]]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Interest Period(s) to which the 
Synthetic Forward Rate Note 
provisions apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
from, and including, [] to but excluding, []] [
] 
[PROVIDED THAT the Synthetic Forward 
Rate Note Provisions only apply where the 
relevant Interest Period falls during the [Initial 
Interest Basis Period] [the Changed Interest 
Basis Period beginning on (and including) the 
Lock-in Date [[]/ immediately succeeding 
Lock-in Event [1][2][3][]]] 
 
(B) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Subject 
as 
provided 
in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] [] [in each [year] [month] 
from, and including, [] to, and including, []] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 6(h) (Business Day Convention))]  
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day 
of an Interest Period) 
 
(C) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to, and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not

--- Page 1286 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1286 
 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
 
(D) 
Range 
Accrual 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 14(ii) above] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(E) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (Insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
(F) 
Margin(s) (SF Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [] per cent. per annum] 
(Specify each Margin (SF Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(G) 
Interest Participation Rate(s) 
(SF Interest Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] (Specify each Interest 
Participation Rate (SF Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(H) 
Synthetic 
Forward 
Option 
One, 
Synthetic 
Forward 
Option Two or Synthetic 
Forward Option Three: 
[Synthetic Forward Option One] [Synthetic 
Forward Option Two] [Synthetic Forward 
Option Three] applicable 
 
(I) 
Rate 1:  
SF Reference Rate [plus/minus] [Rate 1 
Margin][, and multiplied by Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate]

--- Page 1287 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1287 
 
(Unless set out below, specify whether the SF 
Reference Rate for Rate 1 is (i) one Reference 
Rate or (ii) the sum of two or more specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two and, in each case, 
whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate and, in all cases, specify details of all other 
relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required) 
 
 
Rate 
1 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Rate 1 Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
x: 
[] 
 
(J) 
Rate 2: 
SF Reference Rate [plus/minus] [Rate 2 
Margin][, and multiplied by Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
(Unless set out below, specify whether the SF 
Reference Rate for Rate 2 is (i) one Reference 
Rate or (ii) the sum of two or more specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two and, in each case, 
whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required) 
 
 
Rate 
2 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Rate 2 Margin: 
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1288 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1288 
 
 
 
y: 
[] 
 
(K) 
Minimum Interest Rate (for 
the Synthetic Forward Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(L) 
Maximum Interest Rate (for 
the Synthetic Forward Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(M) 
[SF Reference Rate [in respect 
of [Rate 1] [Rate 2]]: 
(Unless set out above, specify whether SF 
Reference Rate is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of specified Reference Rates or (iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two 
and, in each case, whether each such rate is (a) 
a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest 
Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or 
ISDA Determination applies, or (c) a CMS 
Interest Rate, and in all cases specify details of 
all other relevant terms for each such rate e.g. 
any relevant Interest Determination Date, 
Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any 
Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum 
Reference Rate, by inserting the details set out 
in Drafting Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph, as required) (Repeat as 
required)] 
 
(N) 
Lev: 
[]% / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Previous 
Coupon 
Linked 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable 
[– 
subject 
as 
provided 
in 
paragraph[s] [14(x)] [and] [14(xi)] [and] 
[14(xii)] [and] [14(xiii)] [and] [14(xiv)] [and] 
[14(xv)] [and] [14(xvi)] [and] [14(xvii)] 
[below]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Interest Period(s) and/or Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which the 
Previous Coupon Linked Note 
Provisions apply: 
[subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 28 (Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes),] [] [in each [year] [month] from, and 
including, [] to and including, []] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[Specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 6(h) (Business Day Convention))] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day 
of an Interest Period)

--- Page 1289 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1289 
 
 
(B) Interest Period End Date(s) 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]] [(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention))] [No Adjustment] 
 
(C) Previous Coupon Reference Rate: Previous Coupon[, [plus/minus] [(i)] Rate 1][, 
multiplied by Rate 1 Participation Rate] [, 
[plus/minus] (ii) Rate 2][, multiplied by Rate 2 
Participation Rate] 
(If Previous Coupon Reference Rate is different 
for each Interest Period, insert the Rate Table, 
the form of which is set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
• 
Rate 1 (for determination of 
a 
Previous 
Coupon 
Reference Rate): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant 
Spread Rate/Spread Reference Rate/(specify 
other Reference Rate)] [As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify details of all other relevant terms for 
each Reference Rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by 
inserting (if such Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS 
Interest Rate), the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required). If Rate 1 is different for 
each Interest Period, insert also a Rate Table, 
the form of which is set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
• 
Rate 1 Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
 
• 
Rate 2 (for determination of 
a 
Previous 
Coupon 
Reference Rate): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant 
Spread Rate/Spread Reference Rate/(specify 
other Reference Rate)] [As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] [Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify details of all other relevant terms for 
each Reference Rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by

--- Page 1290 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1290 
 
inserting (if such Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS 
Interest Rate), the details set out in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 2 as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required. If Rate 2 is different for 
each Interest Period, insert also a Rate Table, 
the form of which is set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
• 
Rate 2 Participation Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
 
• 
Minimum Reference Rate 
(for the Previous Coupon 
Reference Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes]  
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
• 
Maximum Reference Rate 
(for the Previous Coupon 
Reference Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes]  
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(D) Margin (Previous Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum] 
[As set out in the Rate Table for Previous 
Coupon Linked Notes] 
(Specify each Margin (Previous Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate) if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table, the form of which is in Drafting 
Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(E) Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
(Previous Coupon Linked Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes]  
(Specify each Interest Participation Rate 
(Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(F) Minimum Interest Rate (for the 
Previous Coupon Linked Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1)

--- Page 1291 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1291 
 
 
(G) Maximum Interest Rate (for the 
Previous Coupon Linked Interest 
Rate): 
[]/[Not Applicable]/[As set out in the Rate 
Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table, the 
form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(H) [Interest Period End Date(s):] 
(insert if required) 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [] to and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table for Previous 
Coupon Linked Notes] (Interest Period End 
Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
 
(I) 
[Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]  
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [] in each year (Insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
(x) 
FX Performance Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in 
conjunction with another Interest Basis (other 
than and Inflation Rate Notes, DIR Inflation 
Linked Notes). If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1292 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1292 
 
 
(A) Interest 
Period(s) 
/ 
Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which the FX 
Performance 
Note 
Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
[from, and including, [] to, but excluding, []] 
[[, subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] Each of the following 
Interest Payment Date(s): [] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to, and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))]] [] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day 
of an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the FX Performance Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
(B) FX Performance 1: 
[[] / FX Performance 1 shall be determined by 
reference to the Underlying specified in item 
13(ii) above / The rate determined as set out 
below / See the FX Performance Table] (Specify 
each FX Performance 1 if more than one by 
inserting an FX Performance Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
[Insert where no rate is specified above and FX Performance 1 is not an Underlying: 
 
− 
FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf 
B Currency: 
The [mid/[]] [] (FX Perf A Currency) / [] 
(FX Perf B Currency) currency exchange 
rate[(expressed as the number of units of [] for 
which one unit of [] can be exchanged)] 
 
− 
FX Perf Designated Page: 
[] 
 
− 
FX Perf Designated Time: 
[]] 
 
(C) FX Performance 2: 
[[] / FX Performance 2 shall be determined by 
reference to the Underlying specified in item 
13(ii) above / The rate determined as set out 
below / See the FX Performance Table] (Specify 
each FX Performance 2 if more than one by 
inserting an FX Performance Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1)

--- Page 1293 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1293 
 
 
[Insert where no rate is specified above and FX Performance 2 is not an Underlying: 
 
− 
FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf 
B Currency: 
The [mid/[]] [] (FX Perf A Currency) / [] 
(FX Perf B Currency) currency exchange rate 
[(expressed as the number of units of [] for 
which one unit of [] can be exchanged)] 
 
− 
FX Perf Designated Page: 
[] 
 
− 
FX Perf Designated Time: 
[]] 
 
(D) FX 
Performance 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[] / [Not Applicable] / [See the FX 
Performance Table] 
 
(E) Specified 
FX 
Performance 
Valuation Date(s): 
FX Performance Valuation Date 1: [Not 
Applicable / [] [in respect of each Interest 
[Period/Payment 
Date]] 
/ 
See 
the 
FX 
Performance Table] 
FX Performance Valuation Date 2: [Not 
Applicable / [] [in respect of each Interest 
[Period/Payment 
Date]] 
/ 
See 
the 
FX 
Performance Table] 
(Specify each FX Performance Valuation Date 
if different by inserting an FX Performance 
Table, the form of which is in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
 
(F) [Application of FX Performance 
Note Provisions: 
The FX Performance Note Provisions shall 
apply [[prior to/after] the application of the 
[Reserve Coupon Note Provisions] [Global 
Interest Floor Note Provisions] [and the] 
[Global Interest Cap Note Provisions] [Auto 
Floor Note Provisions] [Auto Cap Note 
Provisions]] (Insert where the Reserve Coupon 
Note Provisions or the Global Interest Floor 
Note provisions and/or the Global Interest Cap 
Note Provisions or the Auto Floor Note 
Provisions or Auto Cap Note Provisions also 
apply) 
 
(xi) 
Reserve Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in 
conjunction with another Interest Basis (other 
than Fixed Rate Notes, Inflation Rate Notes and 
DIR Inflation Linked Notes). If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 1294 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1294 
 
 
(A) Interest 
Period(s) 
/ 
Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which the 
Reserve Coupon Note Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
[from, and including, [] to, but excluding, []] 
[[, subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] Each of the following 
Interest Payment Date(s): [] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to, and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))]] [] 
(Where Valuation and Settlement Condition 28 
(Interest Linked Redemption Notes) applies, 
Interest Payment Date(s) should be the last day 
of an Interest Period) 
[PROVIDED THAT the Reserve Coupon Note 
Provisions only apply where the relevant 
Interest Period falls during the [Initial Interest 
Basis Period] [the Changed Interest Basis Period 
beginning on (and including) the Lock-in Date 
[[]/ immediately succeeding Lock-in Event 
[1][2][3][]]] 
 
(B) Relevant Option: 
Option [1]/[2]/[3] 
 
 
 Reserve 
Coupon 
Rate 
(RCR): 
[[] per cent. [per annum]]/ []] (Specify where 
the Relevant Option is Option 1, otherwise 
delete row) 
 
 
Initial Reserve Period: 
From (and including) []/[the Issue Date] to 
(but excluding) [] 
 
 
RPN: 
[]] (Specify where the Relevant Option is 
Option 2, otherwise delete rows) 
 
 
Floor: 
[]] (Specify where the Relevant Option is 
Option 3, otherwise delete row) 
 
(xii) 
Global Interest Floor Note Provisions: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert: 
Floor Rate: [] per cent.] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in 
conjunction with another Interest Basis (other 
than Fixed Rate Notes, Auto Floor Notes and 
Auto Cap Notes)) 
 
(xiii) 
Global Interest Cap Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable, insert:

--- Page 1295 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1295 
 
Cap Rate: [] per cent.] 
NB: If applicable, must be specified in 
conjunction with another Interest Basis (other 
than Fixed Rate Notes, Auto Floor Notes and 
Auto Cap Notes)) 
 
(xiv) 
Auto Floor Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in 
conjunction with another Interest Basis (other 
than Fixed Rate Notes, Global Interest Floor 
Notes and Global Interest Cap Notes). If not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Interest Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which the 
Auto Floor Note Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
[from, and including, [] to, but excluding, []] 
[[, subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] Each of the following 
Interest Payment Date(s): [] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to, and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))]] [] 
 
(B) 
Initial Floorlets Number: 
[] 
 
(C) 
Floor: 
[] 
 
(xv) 
Auto Cap Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(NB: If applicable, must be specified in 
conjunction with another Interest Basis (other 
than Fixed Rate Notes, Global Interest Floor 
Notes and Global Interest Cap Notes). If not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Interest Period(s) / Interest 
Payment Date(s) to which the 
Auto Cap Note Provisions 
apply: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
[from, and including, [] to, but excluding, []] 
[[, subject as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 28 (Interest Linked 
Redemption Notes),] Each of the following 
Interest Payment Date(s): [] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [] to, and 
including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))]] [] 
 
(B) 
Initial Caplets Number: 
[]

--- Page 1296 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1296 
 
 
(C) 
Cap: 
[] 
 
(xvi) 
Restructure 
Interest 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable:  
Restructure Rate Request Start Date: [] 
Maximum 
Number 
of 
Restructure 
Rate 
Acceptances: []/[Not Applicable] 
Fixed 
Restructure 
Fee: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
[If applicable: 
Fixed Fee Amount: []]  
Basis Points Restructure Fee: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]   
[If applicable: 
Number of Basis Points: [] basis points] 
(NB: Elect one of Fixed Restructure Fee or 
Basis Points Restructure Fee above (and 
complete as applicable) for the purposes of 
calculating the Restructure Fee) 
Issuer Notice Details: [Insert notice details for 
delivery of notices to the Issuer]] 
 
(xvii) 
Interest Rollup: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SWITCHER OPTION 
 Switcher Option:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Switcher 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
(B) 
New Interest Basis: 
[include details of the New Interest Basis or the 
or each Switcher Interest Commencement Date 
including cross referring to relevant paragraphs 
herein and including any relevant Interest 
Determination Date and/or Margin and/or 
Interest Participation Rate]

--- Page 1297 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1297 
 
 
(C) 
Conversion Amount per Calculation 
Amount payable by the Issuer: 
[include details of any conversion amount 
payable by the Issuer and the relevant Switcher 
Interest Commencement Date in respect of 
which it is payable if more than one][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Switcher Payment Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 19 (Switcher Option)] [Not less than 
[(specify)] Business Days] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO LOCK-IN CHANGE OF INTEREST BASIS 
 Lock-in Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Initial Interest Basis: 
[include details of the Initial Interest Basis 
including cross referring to relevant paragraphs 
herein] 
 
(B) 
Changed Interest Basis: 
[Following the occurrence of [the] Lock-in 
Event [1]: [include details of the Changed 
Interest Basis including cross referring to 
relevant paragraphs herein]] 
[Following the occurrence of Lock-in Event 1 
and Lock-in Event [2][n]: [include details of the 
Changed 
Interest 
Basis 
including 
cross 
referring to relevant paragraphs herein]] 
(Repeat as necessary for Lock-in Events 
n=1…k) 
 
(C) 
Lock-in Date: 
[] [The Interest Period End Date immediately 
succeeding the Lock-in Determination Date on 
which the Lock-in Condition was satisfied in 
respect of all the relevant Lock-in Events] [The 
Interest Payment Date immediately succeeding 
the Lock-in Determination Date on which the 
Lock-in Condition was satisfied in respect of all 
the relevant Lock-in Events] 
 
(D) 
Lock-in Condition [1]: 
 
 
 
Lock-in Reference Observation 
[1]: 
[Specify 
what 
the 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation will be from the options set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 21(c) 
(Determination 
of 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]

--- Page 1298 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1298 
 
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Specified Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required), in all cases this would 
include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Note Provisions as appropriate)] 
 
 
[See [also] paragraph 13 for details of the 
[Rate[s]/FX Rate]] 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
 
 
Lock-in Barrier [1]: 
[Specify what the Lock-in Barrier will be from 
the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 21(c) (Determination of Lock-in 
Reference Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Specified Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required)] 
 
 
[See [also] paragraph 13 for details of the 
[Rate[s]/FX Rate]] 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
 
Lock-in Barrier Reference [1]: 
[Greater than the Lock-in Barrier [1]/Greater 
than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier [1]/Less 
than the Lock-in Barrier [1]/Less than or equal 
to the Lock-in Barrier [1]] 
 
(E) 
[Lock-in Condition [n]: 
(Include for each Lock-in Condition n = 2 … k) 
 
 
Lock-in Reference Observation 
[n]: 
[Specify 
what 
the 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation will be from the options set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 21(c) 
(Determination 
of 
Lock-in 
Reference 
Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Specified Lock-in

--- Page 1299 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1299 
 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required), in all cases this would 
include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Note Provisions as appropriate)] 
 
 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the [Rate[s]/FX 
Rate]] 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination 
 
 
Lock-in Barrier [n]: 
[Specify what the Lock-in Barrier will be from 
the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 21(c) (Determination of Lock-in 
Reference Observation and Lock-in Barrier)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Specified Lock-in 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required)] 
 
 
[See paragraph 13 for details of the Rate[s]/FX 
Rate] 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
 
Lock-in Barrier Reference [n]: 
[Greater than the Lock-in Barrier [n]/Greater 
than or equal to the Lock-in Barrier [n]/Less 
than the Lock-in Barrier [n]/Less than or equal 
to the Lock-in Barrier [n]]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO ZERO COUPON NOTES 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Amortised 
Face Amount applies] 
(If not applicable or if "Calculation Agent 
Determination of Amortised Face Amount" is 
specified above, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1300 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1300 
 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] [per cent. per annum]] (If 
"Multiple Rate Amortisation Yield" is specified 
above, insert the below table) 
 
 
[Amortisation Yield Table 
 
 
i 
Calculation Period 
Amortisation Yield 
 
 
 
Start Date End Date 
 
 
 
[] 
[specify 
date] 
[specify 
date] 
[specify per cent. 
per annum] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[Actual/365]] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA), for which purpose the 
Determination Dates shall be [] in each year] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
2003 Reference Entity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Delete if "2014 
Reference Entity" is Applicable) 
 
(ii) 
2014 Reference Entity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Delete if "2003 
Reference Entity" is Applicable) 
 
(iii) 
Type of Credit Linked Notes: 
[Single Name Credit Linked Notes]/[Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes]/[Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes]/[Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes]/[Index Tranched Credit 
Linked 
Notes]/[Portfolio 
Tranched 
Credit 
Linked Notes]/[Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes]/[Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes]/[specify other] 
 
(iv) 
[Credit Event Redemption Method: 
[Auction 
Redemption]/[Cash 
Redemption]/[Physical 
Redemption]/[Fixed 
Recovery Redemption]

--- Page 1301 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1301 
 
 
[– Fallback Redemption Method: 
[Cash 
Redemption]/[Physical 
Redemption]/[Not Applicable]]] (Delete this 
row if not applicable) 
 
(v) 
[Risk Event Redemption Method: 
[LA 
Cash 
Redemption]/[LA 
Physical 
Redemption]/[LA 
Fixed 
Recovery 
Redemption]] (Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
(vi) 
[Fixed Recovery Percentage: 
[0 per cent.]/[[] per cent.]/[100 per cent.]] 
(Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
(vii) 
[Credit Payment following Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Delete this row 
if not applicable) 
 
(viii) 
[Credit Payment following Risk Event: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Delete this row 
if not applicable) 
 
(ix) 
[Credit Payment on Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[– Funding Interest Rate: 
[] (Only include if 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable)]] (Delete this row if not 
applicable)  
 
(x) 
Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[[] [Number of days] prior to] [Trade 
Date]/[Issue Date]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(xi) 
No Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]/[[Not Applicable. 
The Notes are Zero Coupon Notes] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Notes)] 
 
(xii) 
Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]/[[Not Applicable. 
The Notes are Zero Coupon Notes] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Notes)] 
 
(xiii) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
(Specify 
relevant 
information 
about 
the 
Reference Entity in paragraph 9 of Part B 
below) 
 
− 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level]/[Subordinated Level]/[Senior 
Non-Preferred Level] 
 
− 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation below if the fallback to a Non-

--- Page 1302 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1302 
 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
under 
paragraph (c) of the definition of "Reference 
Obligation" is to apply.) 
 
− 
Reference Obligation: 
[Specify Reference Obligations, including a 
short description thereof if the Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, where applicable] 
 
 
Primary obligor: 
[] 
 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[] 
 
 
Maturity: 
[] 
 
 
Currency: 
[] 
 
 
Governing law: 
[] 
 
 
Listed 
on 
the 
following 
stock 
exchanges/Admitted 
to trading on the 
following markets 
[] 
 
− 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Methods) 
 
− 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
− 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' is applicable) 
 
− 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption 
Method 
or 
the 
Fallback 
Redemption Method) 
 
− 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
− 
[Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions]] (Only include if

--- Page 1303 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1303 
 
'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
− 
[Final Cash Redemption Amount: [Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions]] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
(xiv) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Reference Entities, Transaction 
Type and Seniority Level: 
As set out in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto. 
 
− 
Nth Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
 
− 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect of 
each Reference Entity, the obligation identified 
in respect of such Reference Entity in Appendix 
1 
(Credit 
Linked 
Notes) 
hereto, 
where 
applicable] 
(Where 
applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked 
Notes) hereto if the fallback to a Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation under paragraph (c) of 
the definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
− 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked 
Notes) hereto, where applicable. 
 
− 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
− 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
− 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per

--- Page 1304 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1304 
 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' is applicable) 
 
− 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption 
Method 
or 
the 
Fallback 
Redemption Method) 
 
− 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
− 
[Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions]] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
− 
[Final Cash Redemption Amount: [Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions]] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
(xv) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Reference Entities and 
Transaction Type, Reference 
Entity Weighting, Reference 
Entity Notional Amount and 
Seniority Level: 
As set out in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto. 
 
− 
Standard Reference Obligations: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect of 
each Reference Entity, the obligation identified 
in respect of such Reference Entity in Appendix 
1 
(Credit 
Linked 
Notes) 
hereto, 
where 
applicable] 
(Where 
applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked 
Notes) hereto if the fallback to a Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation under paragraph (c) of 
the definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
− 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such

--- Page 1305 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1305 
 
Reference Entity in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked 
Notes) hereto, where applicable. 
 
− 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method is applicable) 
 
− 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
− 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' is applicable) 
 
− 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption 
Method 
or 
the 
Fallback 
Redemption Method) 
 
− 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
− 
[Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions]] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
− 
[Final Cash Redemption Amount: [Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions]] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
(xvi) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [] 
Version]/[Specify relevant CDX® index Series 
[] Version]

--- Page 1306 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1306 
 
 
− 
Index Annex Date: 
[] 
 
− 
Effective Date: 
[] 
 
− 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
 
− 
Index Publisher: 
[] 
 
− 
Reference Entities and Reference 
Entity Weightings: 
As set out in the Index Annex with the Index 
Annex Date specified hereto. 
 
− 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect of 
each Reference Entity, as specified in the Index 
Annex with the Index Annex Date specified 
hereto, where applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Index Annex with the 
Index Annex Date specified hereto, where 
applicable. 
 
− 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
− 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
− 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' is applicable) 
 
− 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption 
Method 
or 
the 
Fallback 
Redemption Method) 
 
− 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
− 
[Final Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions]] (Only include if

--- Page 1307 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1307 
 
'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
− 
[Final Cash Redemption Amount: [Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions]] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
(xvii) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [] 
Version]/[Specify relevant CDX® index Series 
[] Version] 
 
− 
Index Annex Date: 
[] 
 
− 
Effective Date: 
[] 
 
− 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
 
− 
Index Publisher: 
[] 
 
− 
Reference Entities and Reference 
Entity Weightings: 
As set out in the Index Annex with the Index 
Annex Date specified hereto. 
 
− 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect of 
each Reference Entity, as specified in the Index 
Annex with the Index Annex Date specified 
hereto, where applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Index Annex with the 
Index Annex Date specified hereto, where 
applicable. 
 
− 
Attachment Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
− 
Exhaustion Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
− 
Tranche Size: 
[] per cent. (This is the Exhaustion Point minus 
the Attachment Point) 
 
− 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[] (This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche Size) 
 
− 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) the Attachment Point)

--- Page 1308 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1308 
 
 
− 
Recovery Threshold Amount: 
[] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the 
Exhaustion Point) 
 
− 
Settled Entity Matrix: 
[Specify name and date of matrix, as published, 
in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
− 
Settled Entity Incurred Loss 
Amount: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
− 
Settled Entity Incurred Recovery 
Amount: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
− 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
− 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption 
Method 
or 
the 
Fallback 
Redemption Method) 
 
− 
Index Tranched Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
− 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
− 
[Index Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions]] (Only include if 
'Credit Payment on Maturity' is applicable, 
otherwise delete row) 
 
(xviii) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Index: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Entities and 
Transaction Type, Reference 
Entity Weighting, Reference 
[As set out in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto]

--- Page 1309 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1309 
 
Entity Notional Amount and 
Seniority Level: 
 
− 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect of 
each Reference Entity, as specified in Appendix 
1 
(Credit 
Linked 
Notes) 
hereto, 
where 
applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 (Credit Linked 
Notes) hereto if the fallback to a Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation under paragraph (c) of 
the definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
− 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 (Credit 
Linked Notes) hereto, where applicable. 
 
− 
Attachment Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
− 
Exhaustion Point: 
[] per cent. 
 
− 
Tranche Size: 
[] per cent. (This is the Exhaustion Point minus 
the Attachment Point) 
 
− 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[] (This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche Size) 
 
− 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) the Attachment Point) 
 
− 
Recovery Threshold Amount: 
[] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the 
Exhaustion Point) 
 
− 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
− 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption 
Method 
or 
the 
Fallback 
Redemption Method)

--- Page 1310 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1310 
 
 
− 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
− 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
− 
[Portfolio Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions]] (Only include if 
'Credit Payment on Maturity' is applicable, 
otherwise delete row) 
 
(xix) 
Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Reference Entity: 
[] 
 
− 
Reference Asset(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Assets Call/Maturity 
Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Assets Conditions Date: []/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Assets Only Settlement: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Applicable Principal Currency 
Amount: 
[]/[The aggregate principal amount of Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
outstanding] 
 
− 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Custodian: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable:  
[Inconvertibility Event]/ 
[Ownership Restriction Event]/ 
[Settlement/Custodial Event]/ 
[Non-Viability Trigger Event]/

--- Page 1311 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1311 
 
[Market Value Trigger Event – Market Value 
Trigger Level: [] per cent. (Specify)]/ 
[Reference Assets Restructuring Event]]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Additional Risk Event Start Date: [Trade Date]/[Issue Date] 
 
− 
LA Interest Amount: 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]/[] 
 
 
LA 
Interest 
Payment Date, in 
each case, subject as 
provided 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions: 
LA Interest Amount: 
 
 
[] 
[local currency amount] 
divided 
by 
the 
applicable FX Rate 
 
 
[] 
[local currency amount] 
divided 
by 
the 
applicable FX Rate 
 
 
] 
 
− 
FX Forward Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, delete the below sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
[LCY: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Reference 
Assets 
Forward Rate: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Reference 
Assets 
FX 
Forward Notional 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Reference 
Assets 
FX 
Forward 
Termination 
Date 
[]] 
 
− 
LA Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' is applicable) 
 
− 
LA Cash Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
− 
LA Physical Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As

--- Page 1312 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1312 
 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'LA Physical Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
− 
Final LA Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable) 
 
− 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
− 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Tax Deduction Event – Principal: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Reference 
Entities, 
Reference 
Assets, 
Reference 
Assets 
Call/Maturity 
Date, 
Reference 
Entity Weighting, Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount, 
Reference 
Assets Coupon Payment Date and 
Reference Assets Conditions Date: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 
1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto. 
 
− 
Reference Assets Only Settlement: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Applicable 
Principal 
Currency 
Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto]/[The 
aggregate principal amount of Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes outstanding] 
 
− 
Settlement 
Currency 
Principal 
Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
− 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
− 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Custodian: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1313 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1313 
 
 
− 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable: 
[Inconvertibility Event]/ 
[Ownership Restriction Event]/ 
[Settlement/Custodial Event]/ 
[Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger 
Event – Reference Assets Trigger Level: [●] per 
cent. (Specify)]/ 
[Non-Viability Trigger Event]/ 
[Market Value Trigger Event – Market Value 
Trigger Level: [●] per cent. (Specify)]/ 
[Reference Assets Restructuring Event]]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Additional Risk Event Start Date: 
[Trade Date]/[Issue Date] 
 
− 
LA Interest Amount: 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]/[●]/[ 
 
 
LA 
Interest 
Payment Date, in 
each case, subject as 
provided 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions: 
LA Interest Amount: 
 
 
[] 
[local currency amount] 
divided 
by 
the 
applicable FX Rate 
 
 
[] 
[local currency amount] 
divided 
by 
the 
applicable FX Rate 
 
 
] 
 
− 
FX Forward Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, delete the below sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
[LCY: 
[] 
 
(ii) Reference Assets Forward 
Rate: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 
1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto 
 
(iii) Reference 
Assets 
FX 
Forward Notional: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 
1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto

--- Page 1314 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1314 
 
 
(iv) Reference 
Assets 
FX 
Forward Termination Date: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 
1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto] 
 
− 
LA Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'LA Cash Redemption' is applicable) 
 
− 
LA Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'LA Cash Redemption' is applicable) 
 
− 
LA Physical Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'LA Physical Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
− 
[Final 
LA 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions]] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
− 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
− 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Tax Deduction Event – Principal: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Other payout terms for Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[] (Insert details of other types of Credit 
Linked Notes) 
 
(xxii) 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date: 
[As per the Credit Linked Conditions][[] 
Business Days following the later to occur of (a) 
any scheduled payment date or the (b) 
Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity 
Date, as applicable 
 
(xxiii) 
Physical Settlement Matrix Standard 
Terms: 
[Applicable: As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement Matrix), as amended pursuant to the 
relevant elections in this Part A (Contractual 
Terms)]16/[Not Applicable] 
 
16  
Drafting Note: Include the corresponding election from the relevant Schedule in Appendix 2. If the applicable 
"Transaction Type" is (i) Standard North American Corporate, see Schedule 1, (ii) Standard European Corporate/Standard 
European Financial Corporate/Standard European CoCo Financial Corporate/Standard European Senior Non-Preferred Financial 
Corporate/Standard European Limited Recourse Corporate, see Schedule 2, (iii) Standard Subordinated European Insurance 
Corporate, see Schedule 3, (iv) Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN, see Schedule 4, (v) Standard Emerging European 
Corporate, see Schedule 5, (vi) Standard Latin America Corporate B, see Schedule 6, (vii) Standard Latin America Corporate 
BL, see Schedule 7, (viii) Standard Australia Corporate/Standard Australia Financial Corporate, see Schedule 8, (ix) Standard 
New Zealand Corporate/Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate, see Schedule 9, (x) Standard Japan Corporate/Standard

--- Page 1315 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1315 
 
 
− 
[Transaction Type: 
[] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms are applicable)] 
 
(xxiv) 
[Physical Settlement Matrix Elections: Restructuring: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Monoline 
Supplement: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] (Include where the Transaction 
Type is "Standard North American Corporate" 
otherwise delete) 
 
(xxv) 
Credit Event[(s)]: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
− 
Default Requirement: 
[[●] or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency]/[As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
 
− 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) 
Obligations: 
 
 
− 
Obligation Category: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
− 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
− 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
All Guarantees: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxvii) Deliverable Obligations: 
 
 
− 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
 
Japan Financial Corporate, see Schedule 10, (xi) Standard Singapore Corporate/Standard Singapore Financial Corporate, see 
Schedule 11, (xii) Standard Asia Corporate/Standard Asia Financial Corporate, see Schedule 12, (xiii) Standard Western 
European Sovereign, see Schedule 13, (xiv) Standard Latin America Sovereign, see Schedule 14, (xv) Standard Emerging 
European & Middle Eastern Sovereign, see Schedule 15, (xvi) Standard Australia Sovereign, see Schedule 16, (xvii) Standard 
New Zealand Sovereign, see Schedule 17, (xviii) Standard Japan Sovereign, see Schedule 18, (xix) Standard Singapore 
Sovereign, see Schedule 19, (xx) Standard Asia Sovereign, see Schedule 20, (xxi) Standard U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit, 
see Schedule 21, (xxii) Standard U.S. Municipal General Fund, see Schedule 22 and (xxiii) Standard U.S. Municipal Revenue, 
see Schedule 23.

--- Page 1316 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1316 
 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
− 
Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
− 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
All Guarantees: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxviii) Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxix) 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance 
Terms: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxx) 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package 
Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions 
(September 15, 2014): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxi) 
Monoline Supplement: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxii) LPN Additional Provisions: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxiii) Additional Provisions for the Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxiv) Additional Provisions for the Republic 
of Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligations 
(April 11, 2016): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxv) 2020 Additional Provisions for the 
Republic 
of 
Ecuador: 
Excluded 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical

--- Page 1317 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1317 
 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxvi) 2020 Additional Provisions for the 
Argentine 
Republic: 
Excluded 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxvii) Hungary Additional Provisions: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxviii) Additional Provisions for the Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxix) Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Certain 
Venezuelan 
Entities: 
Excluded 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xl) 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-
Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations 
(published on December 8, 2017): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xli) 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(September 15, 2014): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
[– 
[Trigger Percentage: 
[]] 
 
(xlii) 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(July 15, 2019): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
− 
Fallback Discounting: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
− 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: [As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xliii) 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional 
Provisions (December 2, 2020): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical

--- Page 1318 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1318 
 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xliv) 
[2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference 
Entity Supplement to the 2003 Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (March 5, 
2012): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]15/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)]] (Include if "2003 Reference 
Entity" is applicable) 
 
(xlv) 
Single 
Notifying 
Party 
Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xlvi) 
Movement Option: 
[Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Full 
Transferable Obligation Applicable]/[Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation 
Applicable] 
 
(xlvii) 
Cash Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable 
[as 
Fallback 
Redemption 
Method]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
− 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[Single Valuation Date: 
Number of Business Days: 
[Specify]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions]] 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
[] Business Days and each [] Business Days 
thereafter. [Number of Valuation Dates: []]] 
 
− 
Valuation Time: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
− 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest]/[Market]/[Average 
Highest]/[Average Market]/[Lowest] 
 
− 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid]/[Offer]/[Mid-market] 
 
− 
Quotation Dealers: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
− 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include Accrued Interest]/[Exclude Accrued 
Interest]/[As per Credit Linked Condition 
18(a)(ii)(III) (Determination of Final Price) 
 
(xlviii) Physical Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
− 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[] Business Days]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
− 
[Include Accrued Interest: 
Applicable](Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
− 
Fallback Cash Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1319 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1319 
 
 
(xlix) 
Partial 
Cash 
Redemption 
Terms/Fallback 
Cash 
Redemption 
Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Valuation Time: 
[]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(l) 
Redemption Following Merger: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Merger Redemption Amount: 
[Early Redemption Amount]/[Each Note's pro 
rata share of an amount (subject to a minimum 
of zero) equal to (i) the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
minus (ii) the Unwind Costs, if any] 
 
(li) 
Settlement Currency: 
[]/[As per the [General] Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INDEX SKEW NOTES 
 Index Skew Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions: 
(a) Hypothetical 
Index 
Untranched 
Transaction; 
(b) Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
 
(ii) 
Index Skew Positions: 
The Issuer is the [[buyer]/[seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction.  
The Issuer is the [[buyer]/[seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
 
(iii) 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty: 
[Citibank, N.A. (Specify the relevant branch, 
where relevant)]/[Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited]/[●] 
 
(iv) 
Hypothetical 
Index 
Untranched 
Transaction General Terms: 
 
 
− 
Eligible Index: 
[[●] (Specify Index name)] Series [●] Version 
[●] 
 
− 
Relevant Annex: 
[●] 
 
− 
Index Annex Date: 
[●] 
 
− 
Documentation Form: 
[[●] (Specify name of supplement, publisher and 
date 
of 
publication)] 
[incorporating 
the

--- Page 1320 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1320 
 
[●](Specify name of supplement, publisher and 
date of publication)] 
 
− 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
− 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
− 
Scheduled Termination Date: [●] 
 
− 
Original Notional Amount: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Hypothetical Single Name Transaction 
General Terms: 
 
 
− 
Documentation Form: 
[Confirmation for use with Credit Derivatives 
Physical Settlement Matrix (version [●] – [[●] 
(Specify 
date 
of 
publication))] 
– 
2014 
Definitions Version] [and incorporating [[●] 
(Specify name of supplement, publisher and date 
of publication, if applicable)]] 
 
− 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
− 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
− 
Scheduled Termination Date: [●] 
 
− 
Matrix Publication Date: 
[Effective Date of the Eligible Index]/[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 Redemption Provisions: 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(B) Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount][Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount] 
 
(C) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(1) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(2) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable]

--- Page 1321 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1321 
 
 
(D) Notice period: 
[As set out in General Condition 5(g) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer)] [Not 
less than [(specify)] Business Days] 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the General 
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example clearing 
systems (which require a minimum of 5 business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Fiscal Agent) 
 
(ii) 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(B) Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount][Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount] 
 
(C) Notice period: 
[As set out in General Condition 5(h) 
(Redemption at the Option of holders of Notes)] 
[Not less than [(specify)] Business Days] 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the General 
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example clearing 
systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent) 
 
(iii) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[] 
(specify) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Maturity 
Redemption 
Amount] 
(include for Credit Linked Notes) [, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
3 (Dual Currency Notes)]/[DIR Inflation Linked 
Redemption Amount] [Lock-in Redemption 
Amount] [Rate Linked Redemption Amount] 
[Interest 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[Redemption Reserve Amount] [Redemption by 
Instalments] 
 
(A) DIR Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1322 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1322 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
DIR Index: 
[] 
 
• 
Base Index Figure: 
[] 
 
• 
Index Month X: 
[] 
 
• 
Index Month Y:  
[] (NB. This should be equal to Index Month X 
minus one) 
 
• 
Margin: 
[[+/-][] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(B) Lock-in Redemption Notes: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(Only specify as applicable where "Lock-in 
Change of Interest Basis" is specified as 
applicable above) 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Lock-in 
Redemption 
Barrier: 
[] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Lock-in 
Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
 
• 
Relevant Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
 
• 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Lock-in Strike Level: 
[] 
 
• 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption 
Notes 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1323 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1323 
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Single Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Redemption Rate: 
[Specify Underlying] 
 
• 
Spread Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Redemption Rate 1: 
[Specify Underlying] 
 
− 
Redemption Rate 2: 
[Specify Underlying] 
 
• 
Lev: 
[[] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Margin: 
[[+/-][] per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[See also [insert paragraph number of relevant 
interest provision under paragraph 14 above] 
for basis for determining the Actual Interest 
Amounts. 
 
• 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1324 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1324 
 
 
• 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Redemption 
by 
Reserve 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 (Specify applicable only if the Notes are also 
Reserve Coupon Notes. Where Reserve Coupon 
Notes Option 1 or Option 3 applies, specify 
applicable. Where Reserve Coupon Notes 
Option 2 applies, applicable or not applicable 
may be specified. If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
Instalment Date(s): 
[] [As set out below: 
 
• 
Relevant 
Redemption Option: 
Option [1]/[2]/[3] 
(To follow the election set out in item 14(xi)(B) 
above) 
 
• 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Redemption by Instalments: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Instalment Dates 
Instalment Amounts 
 
 
[] 
[]] 
 
• 
Instalment 
Amount(s): 
[As set out above] [As set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
(iv) 
Mandatory Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Condition: 
[Rollerball MER Condition] 
[TARN MER Condition] 
[specify other]

--- Page 1325 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1325 
 
 
(B) Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date[s] [other than 
[[]/the Interest Payment Date falling on or 
about the [Scheduled] Maturity Date]]/[]] [in 
each [year] [month] from, and including, [] to 
and including, []] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
 
(C) Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[[] 
(Specify 
each 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount if more than one by 
inserting a Mandatory Early Redemption Table, 
the form of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 
1) 
 
(D) Rollerball MER Condition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
 
• 
Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Specify 
what 
the 
Rollerball 
Reference 
Observation will be from the options set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 22(b) 
(Rollerball MER Condition)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Specified MER 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required), in all cases this would 
include being determined by reference to the 
Spread Note Provisions as appropriate) and 
where there is more than one Reference Rate, 
whether the Rollerball Barrier is different for 
each Reference Rate for each relevant interest 
period] 
 
 
[See [also] paragraph 13 for details of the 
[Rate[s]/FX Rate]] 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Rollerball 
Reference Observation is different for each 
MER Determination Date, insert the Schedule 
which contains the Rollerball Reference 
Determination Table) 
Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination

--- Page 1326 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1326 
 
 
• 
Rollerball Barrier: 
[Specify what the Rollerball Barrier will be from 
the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 22(b) (Rollerball MER Condition)]  
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate (including all other relevant 
terms e.g. any relevant Specified MER 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate (by 
inserting the details set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 
2 
as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, as required) and where there is 
more than one Reference Rate, whether the 
Rollerball Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest 
period] 
 
 
[See [also] paragraph 13 for details of the 
Rate[s]/FX Rate] 
 
 
[As set out in the Schedule hereto] (If Rollerball 
Barrier is different for each MER Determination 
Date, insert the Schedule which contains the 
Rollerball Reference Determination Table) 
[Determination 
Date 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Preceding/Succeeding] Determination] 
 
• 
Rollerball 
Barrier 
Reference: 
[Greater than the Rollerball Barrier/Greater than 
or equal to the Rollerball Barrier/Less than the 
Rollerball Barrier/Less than or equal to the 
Rollerball Barrier] 
 
 
 
 
(E) TARN MER Condition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
 
• 
TARN Rate: 
[] (If TARN Rate is different for each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, insert the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Table, the form of 
which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
(Specify an amount, which may be expressed a 
percentage of the principal amount) 
 
• 
Excluded 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
[Not Applicable] [[] / [The Interest Amounts 
determined by reference to [specify interest 
basis] as set out in item [] above] [specify 
relevant period(s)/date(s), where relevant]] shall

--- Page 1327 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1327 
 
be Excluded Interest Amount[s] for the purposes 
of the TARN MER Condition] (Specify the 
interest basis and the related Interest Period(s) 
and/or Interest Payment Date(s) for the Interest 
Amount(s) which will not be taken into account 
for the purposes of the TARN MER Condition) 
 
(v) 
Early Redemption: 
 
 
(A) Early Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons 
(General 
Condition 
5(c)(i) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If Applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) [at maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value Accrued 
Interest (if any) at maturity]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus Option 
Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Notes)/[●] (Specify an amount 
only)[Index Skew Early Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging 
and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]]] 
 
(B) Early Redemption for Illegality 
(General 
Condition 
5(c)(ii) 
(Redemption for Illegality)) 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable:

--- Page 1328 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1328 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Principal Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
[at 
maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus Option Value 
plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if any) at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity with option 
for 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Best of Amount]/[Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[●] 
(Specify an amount only)/[Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[See "Continuance of Notes Provision" below] 
(Specify Early Redemption Amount here only if 
"Continuance of Notes Provision" is "Not 
Applicable"; 
otherwise 
specify 
"See 
"Continuance of Notes Provision" above and 
specify the Early Redemption Amount under " 
Continuance of Notes Provision" below) 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging 
and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
− 
Continuance 
of 
Notes 
Provision: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Illegality Event (Impossible Performance) 
Early Redemption Amount: Fair Market Value

--- Page 1329 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1329 
 
Deduction of Hedge Costs: Not 
Applicable 
Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging 
and Funding Costs: Not Applicable 
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
Not Applicable 
Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: Not Applicable 
Illegality 
Event 
(Possible 
Performance): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value Accrued 
Interest (if any) at maturity] [Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption] [Principal Amount plus Option 
Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market 
Value at early redemption] [Best of Amount] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging 
and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) Early Redemption for Obligor 
Regulatory 
Event 
(General 
Condition 5(d) (Early Redemption 
following the occurrence of an 
Obligor Regulatory Event): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
[at 
maturity]]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued 
Interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity with

--- Page 1330 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1330 
 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] 
(Specify 
an 
amount 
only)/[Index Skew Early Redemption 
Amount] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value is 
applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(D) Early Redemption Amount for the 
purpose of General Condition 9 
(Events of Default): 
[Fair Market Value] [Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any) [at maturity]]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus Option 
Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market 
Value at early redemption]/[Amortised Face 
Amount] (specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[●] 
(Specify an amount only)/[Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging 
and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1331 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1331 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 Adjustment Events: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable[: the provisions in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1(m) 
(Fallback Provisions for Notes other than 
Underlying Linked Notes) apply]]  
(Only applicable if the Notes are either (i) 
Underlying Linked Notes or (ii) are not 
Underlying Linked Notes but Change in Law, 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of 
Hedging 
apply. 
Otherwise, 
specify 
not 
applicable) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Illegality: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Material 
Increased 
Cost: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Early Redemption following Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) [at maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value Accrued 
Interest (if any) at maturity]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus Option 
Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market 
Value at early redemption]/[Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[●] 
(Specify an amount only)/[Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if

--- Page 1332 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1332 
 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging 
and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
[at 
maturity]]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued 
Interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] 
(Specify 
an 
amount 
only)/[Index Skew Early Redemption 
Amount] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1333 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1333 
 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
[at 
maturity]]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued 
Interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] 
(Specify 
an 
amount 
only)/[Index Skew Early Redemption 
Amount] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Adjustment Events relating 
to Inflation Indices: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1334 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1334 
 
[Inflation 
Index 
Condition 4 
(Additional 
Adjustment 
Events): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
[at 
maturity]]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued 
Interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] 
(Specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[●] 
(Specify an amount only)/[Index Skew 
Early Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value is 
applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1335 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1335 
 
 
(v) 
Additional Adjustment Events relating 
to FX Rates where EMTA Provisions 
are Not Applicable: 
[Not Applicable] 
[FX Rate Part A Condition 4 (Additional 
Adjustment 
Events): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
[at 
maturity]]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued 
Interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] 
(Specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[●] 
(Specify an amount only)/[Index Skew 
Early Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value is 
applicable)]

--- Page 1336 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1336 
 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(vi) 
Additional Adjustment Events relating 
to FX Rates where EMTA Provisions 
are Applicable: 
[Not Applicable] 
[FX Rate Part B Condition 4 (Additional 
Adjustment 
Events): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
[at 
maturity]]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued 
Interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] 
(Specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[●] 
(Specify an amount only)/[Index Skew 
Early Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs 
and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1337 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1337 
 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 Additional Early Redemption Event 
 
 
(i) 
Hedging Disruption Early Termination 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
[at 
maturity]]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued 
Interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] 
(Specify 
an 
amount 
only)]/[Index Skew Early Redemption 
Amount] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs 
and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
is applicable)]

--- Page 1338 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1338 
 
[Additional Costs on account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Section 871(m) Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable:  
[Section 871(m) Event (Hedging Positions): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
[at 
maturity]]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued 
Interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] 
(Specify 
an 
amount 
only)]/[Index Skew Early Redemption 
Amount] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value is 
applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1339 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1339 
 
 
(iii) 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
under Inflation Index Condition 5 
(Additional Early Redemption Events): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
[at 
maturity]]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued 
Interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] 
(Specify for Zero Coupon Notes)/[●] 
(Specify an amount only)]/[Index Skew 
Early Redemption Amount] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs 
and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 Realisation Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair 
Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus

--- Page 1340 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1340 
 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
[at 
maturity]]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued 
Interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Principal Amount 
plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Amortised Face 
Amount] (Specify for Zero Coupon 
Notes)/[●] 
(Specify 
an 
amount 
only)]/[Index Skew Early Redemption 
Amount] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs 
and Hedging and Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value 
is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account 
of 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]  
 Underlying RMB Currency Event: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Always 
Not 
Applicable for Index Skew Notes) 
 
(i) 
[RMB Relevant Currency: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
RMB 
Relevant 
Currency 
Valuation Time: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate 
Screen Page: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
RMB Settlement Centre: 
[[] (Specify)]/[Hong Kong]]

--- Page 1341 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1341 
 
 
(v) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Fair Market Value]/[Principal Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any) [at maturity]]/[Principal 
Amount plus Option Value plus Option Value 
Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity 
with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus Option 
Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Notes)/[] (Specify an amount 
only) 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and 
Hedging 
and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if 
Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
 Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3)): 
Not Applicable] 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If 
"Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark Event" is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) [at maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value Accrued 
Interest (if any) at maturity]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus Option 
Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if

--- Page 1342 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1342 
 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Notes)/[] (Specify an amount 
only)/[Index Skew Early Redemption Amount] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value (itself 
or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]]]] 
 
 
(Include where any Benchmark (as defined in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2 
(Redemption 
or 
adjustment 
for 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event)) is applicable 
in respect of the Notes) 
 Reference Rate Event Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] [Reference Rate(s): [As 
specified above]/[]]  
[Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii)): Not 
Applicable] 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
Reference 
Rate 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If "Reference Rate Early Redemption" is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) [at maturity]]/[Principal Amount plus 
Option Value plus Option Value Accrued 
Interest (if any) at maturity]/[Principal Amount 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Principal Amount plus Option 
Value plus Option Value Accrued Interest (if

--- Page 1343 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1343 
 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market 
Value 
at 
early 
redemption]/[Best 
of 
Amount]/[Amortised Face Amount] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Notes)/[] (Specify an amount 
only)/[Index Skew Early Redemption Amount] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (Specify if Fair Market Value (itself 
or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]]]]] 
 
 
(Include where any Reference Rate (as defined 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 24 
(Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments)) is 
applicable in respect of the Notes) 
 Form of Notes: 
[Registered Notes 
 
 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate 
[(U.S.$[] principal amount)] registered in the 
name of a nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/[a 
common 
depositary for Euroclear France]/Rule 144A 
Global Registered Note Certificate [(U.S.$[] 
principal amount)] registered in the name of a 
nominee for [DTC/ a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg])] 
 
 
[Swedish Notes - insert details (including 
details of the Swedish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent and the provisions of the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement which apply to the Notes)] 
 
 
[Finnish Notes – insert details (including details 
of the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying 
Agent]]

--- Page 1344 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1344 
 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Notes are French Law Notes, delete the above in its entirety and 
replace with the following: 
 
[Form of Notes: 
[French Bearer Notes (au porteur) / French 
Registered Notes in a registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif)] 
 
Representation of Noteholders / Masse: 
[Full Masse / Contractual Masse / Contractual 
Representation of Noteholders / No Masse] 
(If "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse" is 
specified, specify the details of the initial 
Representative 
and 
the 
alternate 
Representative, if any, and their remuneration. 
Otherwise, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
Name and address of the initial Representative: 
[] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration] / [The Representative will receive 
a remuneration of []]. 
 
 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: [] 
[The alternate Representative will receive no 
remuneration] / [The alternate Representative 
will receive a remuneration of []]. 
 
 
[As long as the French Law Notes are held by a 
single Noteholder such Noteholder will exercise 
directly 
the 
powers 
delegated 
to 
the 
Representative and General Meetings of 
Noteholders under the General Conditions. A 
Representative shall be appointed when the 
French Law Notes of a Series are held by more 
than one Noteholder.] 
 
Identification information of Noteholders in 
relation to French Law Notes ([General 
Condition 1 (Form, Denomination and Title)]): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 New Safekeeping Structure: 
[No/Yes – New Safekeeping Structure applies] 
[Not Applicable] 
 Business Centre(s): 
[] 
 
 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the definition of 
Business Day in General Condition 20 
(Definitions)) 
 Business Day Jurisdiction(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 1345 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1345 
 
 
 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment for the purposes of the 
definition 
of 
Payment 
Day 
in 
General 
Condition 6(g) (Payment Days)) 
 Redenomination: 
[Not Applicable/[Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 16 (Redenomination) apply] 
 Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/[The provisions of General 
Condition 12 (Further Issues) apply]  
 Substitution provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer, 
the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor) apply] 
 
Additional Requirements: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[Additional French Law Notes Requirements: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
 
 Additional provisions applicable to Italian Listed 
Certificates: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Expiry 
Date 
(Data 
di 
Scadenza) for the purposes of 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A.: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Record Date: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Trading Lot: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Applicable in respect of Italian Listed 
Certificates to be admitted to trading on SeDeX 
and/or EuroTLX only. The Minimum Trading 
Lot is as determined by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.) 
 [Other final terms:] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
[The Issuer shall have the right to obtain extracts 
from the register of creditors (Sw.skuldbok) 
from Euroclear Sweden - only applicable in case 
of Swedish Notes] 
 
 
The Issuer shall, subject to regulations of 
Euroclear Finland and applicable laws, be 
entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland a list 
of the holders of Finnish Notes, PROVIDED 
THAT it is technically possible for Euroclear 
Finland to maintain such a list.]

--- Page 1346 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1346 
 
 
[- 
Schedule A – Citigroup Inc. TLAC 
eligible Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Specify Applicable only where the Notes are 
issued by Citigroup Inc. and the Notes are 
intended to be TLAC eligible. Delete this sub-
paragraph for Notes issued by CGMHI or 
CGMFL)  
 Name and address of Calculation Agent: 
[Citibank, N.A./Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited/Citigroup Global Markets Inc.] [(acting 
through its (specify) department/group (or any 
successor department/group))] at []] 
 [Determination Agent: 
[Calculation Agent][]] 
(Specify an entity other than the Calculation 
Agent where the Calculation Agent is the Fiscal 
Agent. If no Determination Agent is specified, 
the Determination Agent will be the Calculation 
Agent) 
 Determinations: 
 
 
(i) 
Standard: 
[Sole and Absolute Determination/Commercial 
Determination] 
(Specify "Commercial Determination" where 
"Determinations and Exercise of Discretion 
(BEC)" is applicable) 
(Specify "Commercial Determination" where 
the Notes are French Law Notes) 
 
(ii) 
Minimum 
Amount 
Adjustment 
Prohibition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 Determinations and Exercise of Discretion 
(BEC): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 [Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" only where Notes are 
distributed to consumers in Belgium)] 
 Governing law: 
[English Law/State of New York]

--- Page 1347 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1347 
 
[PURPOSE OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
This Pricing Supplement comprises the Pricing Supplement required for the issue of the Notes described herein 
pursuant to the Citi Global Medium Term Note Programme of Citigroup Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Holdings 
Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. and Citigroup Global Markets Limited.]  
 
[RESPONSIBILITY 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). [Each of the]17/[The]18 Issuer [and 
the CGMHI Guarantor]19 [and the CGMFL Guarantor]20 confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]] 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
......................................................... 
 
Duly authorised]21 
 
17  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. 
18  
Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL or CGMHI. 
19  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
20  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.  
21  
Above signature block to be deleted and this document should not be signed unless there is a specific requirement to 
do so for the particular trade.

--- Page 1348 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1348 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Admission to trading and listing: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the [Tranche 
[]] Notes to be admitted to trading on [Specify 
relevant non-EEA/United Kingdom regulated 
market (for example, the Global Exchange 
Market of Euronext Dublin, the Euro MTF of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange, 
the 
multilateral trading facility of securitised 
derivative financial instruments, organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the 
"SeDeX"), the multilateral trading facility of 
EuroTLX managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
("EuroTLX", the Open Market (Regulated 
Unofficial 
Market) 
(Freiverkehr) 
of 
the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
AG) or the Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock 
Exchange) and, if relevant, listing on an official 
list (for example, the official list of Euronext 
Dublin, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange or the Vienna Stock 
Exchange)] with effect from on or around [][of 
the Tranche [] Notes]] [Not Applicable] 
 
Tranche [] of the Notes has been admitted to 
trading on [Specify relevant non-EEA/United 
Kingdom regulated market (for example, the 
Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin, 
the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the multilateral trading facility of 
securitised derivative financial instruments, 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. (the "SeDeX"), the multilateral trading 
facility of EuroTLX managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A. 
("EuroTLX", 
the 
Open 
Market 
(Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of 
the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
AG) or the Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock 
Exchange) and, if relevant, listing on an official 
list (for example, the official list of Euronext 
Dublin, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange or the Vienna Stock 
Exchange)] with effect from [] [of the Tranche 
[] Notes]] (Where documenting a fungible 
issue, need to indicate that original Notes are 
already admitted to trading)

--- Page 1349 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1349 
 
Estimated expenses relating to admission to 
trading: 
[] 
 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes are [not] rated. [The rating of the 
Notes is: 
 
(i) 
[S&P: 
 
[]] 
 
(ii) 
[Moody's: 
[]] 
 
(iii) 
[Fitch:  
[]] 
 
(iv) 
[[Other]: []] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating) 
 
[PERFORMANCE OF THE [UNDERLYING/RATE] 
[Details of the performance of [[EURIBOR/ NIBOR/ STIBOR/ CIBOR/ ROBOR/ TIBOR/ 
HIBOR/ BBSW/ BKBM] [CMS] rates] [SONIA Floating Rate] [SONIA Index Floating Rate] 
[SOFR Floating Rate] [SOFR Index Floating Rate] can be obtained [but not] free of charge 
from [[]/Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance]] 
[Insert for any SOFR rate: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse, or recommend any 
products or services offered by the Issuer.] 
[Insert where you copy, publish, distribute and transmit information relating to SONIA; (ii) 
adapt information relating to SONIA; or (iii) exploit information commercially and non-
commercially in relation to SONIA: Contains public sector information licensed under the 
Open Government Licence v3.0.] 
[Performance of Inflation Index of effect on value of investment and associated risks 
and other information concerning the Inflation Index: (Inflation Rate Notes and DIR 
Inflation Linked Notes only) 
[Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment 
is affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident] 
[Need to include details of where past and future performances and volatility of [the/each] 
index can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of 
charge] [Need to include the name of [the/each] index need to include details of where the 
information about [the/each] index can be obtained] 
[Include any disclaimer wording required by the Index Sponsor(s)] 
[Effect of performance of FX [Performance] Rate on value of investment and associated 
risks and other information concerning the FX [Performance] Rate: (Range Accrual

--- Page 1350 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1350 
 
Notes which reference an FX Rate, FX Performance Notes, Notes for which a Lock-in Change 
of Interest Basis applies and/or which are Lock-in Redemption Notes or Notes for which 
Mandatory Early Redemption applies (in each case, where a relevant reference/barrier is an 
FX Rate) and Dual Currency Notes only) 
[Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment 
is affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident, where 
not already included in Base Prospectus] 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the currency 
exchange rate can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free 
of charge] [Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the FX 
[Performance] Rate is electronically available [but not] free of charge from the applicable 
[Electronic Page/FX Perf Designated Page] specified for such FX [Performance] Rate in Part 
A above]] 
[Post Issuance Information 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance 
information]]] 
(Include the above as required for Notes listed on the Global Exchange Market, the Euro 
MTF, SeDeX or EuroTLX , the Frankfurt Freiverkehr or the Vienna MTF) 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION  
ISIN Code: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
CUSIP: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
WKN: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
Valoren: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code]*, as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code]*, as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
*  
The actual code should only be included where the Issuer is comfortable it is correct.

--- Page 1351 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1351 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme and DTC and 
the relevant identification number(s) and 
details relating to the relevant depositary, if 
applicable: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) 
[and references to the [Relevant Clearing 
System/(specify)] shall be deemed to be 
references to such clearing system] 
[The Notes will be accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited ("CREST") 
via the CREST Depository Interest ("CDI") 
mechanism] 
 
[Euroclear Sweden AB]/[Euroclear Finland 
Oy]/[Euroclear France S.A.] 
[The Italian Listed Certificates will also be 
cleared indirectly through Euronext Securities 
Milan S.p.A. through its bridge account] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [versus/free of] payment 
Names and address of the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if 
any): 
[Citibank Europe Plc (Sweden Branch), 
Stockholm, Sweden]/[Not Applicable] 
Names and address of the Finnish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if 
any): 
[Nordea Bank Abp, Aleksis Kiven Katu 3-5, 
Helsinki, Finland]/[Not Applicable] 
Names and address of the French Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent (if any): 
[Citibank Europe plc, Dublin, Ireland]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[If no French Law Securities Registration Agent has been appointed, delete the following: 
Names and address of the French Law 
Securities Registration Agent (if any): 
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met]  
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of this Pricing Supplement, should

--- Page 1352 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1352 
 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper, 
and registered in the name of a nominee of one 
of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Reasons for the Issue 
[] [The Notes are [Green Bonds][Social 
Bonds][Social Finance Bonds]. [Insert further 
particulars  if different from "Investment 
Considerations" section]] 
(Where the Notes are Green Bonds, include 
further particulars, including a description of 
any Eligible Green Assets, where necessary) 
(Where the Notes are Social Bonds, include 
further particulars, including a description of 
the affordable housing assets, where necessary. 
Notes may only be Social Bonds if Citigroup 
Inc. or CGMHI is the Issuer) 
(Where the Notes are Social Finance Bonds, 
include 
further 
particulars, 
including 
a 
description of any Social Finance Assets, where 
necessary. Notes may only be Social Finance 
Bonds if Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI is the Issuer) 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses of the Lead Manager 
and the other Managers and 
underwriting commitments]: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments and statement of 
portion not covered]  
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without 
a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis 
if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers)

--- Page 1353 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1353 
 
(iii) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable][specify]] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(vi) 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[None/[] per cent. [of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount]/[per Note]/No commissions and 
concessions are payable by the Issuer to the 
Dealer. 
The 
[(Specify 
type 
of 
fee 
or 
commission)] payable by the Dealer to any 
distributor [is]/[shall not exceed] [] [of the 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount]/[per 
Note]. 
Investors can obtain more information about the 
fee by contacting the Dealer at the address set 
out herein] 
(Specify other applicable fee arrangements) 
(vii) 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland: 
Applicable[, other than with respect to offers of 
the Notes during [the period[s] []-[] (repeat 
as necessary)]] [or] [the duration of the 
applicable transition period under FinSA and its 
implementing ordinance] [Not Applicable]] 
(Include if Notes are offered in Switzerland) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable[, other than with 
respect to offers of the Notes in [Specify 
jurisdiction(s) for which an EU PRIIPs KID is 
being prepared] [during the period[s] []-[] 
(repeat as necessary)]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Notes do constitute 
"packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the 
relevant specified jurisdiction(s) for the 
relevant specified period(s), "Applicable" 
should be specified and details provided 
accordingly) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable 
[other 
than] 
[during the period[s] []-[] (repeat as 
necessary)]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Notes do constitute

--- Page 1354 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1354 
 
"packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the 
relevant specified jurisdiction(s) for the 
relevant specified period(s), "Applicable" 
should be specified and details provided 
accordingly) 
 
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
[For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the Notes as [debt]/[prepaid forward 
contracts with associated payments]]. [The Notes are Non-U.S. Notes]. 
[The Issuer has determined that the Notes are Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the 
"substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below for additional 
information with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to calculate the amounts 
of dividend equivalents for the Notes.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Notes are Specified ELIs 
because (i) the Issue Date for the Notes is prior to 2027 and (ii) the Notes have a "delta" of one.]/[The 
Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices and/or 
Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the Notes are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has 
determined that the Notes are not Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Notes is prior to 
2027 and (ii) the Notes are not "delta-one" within the meaning of Section 871(m).]/[The Issuer has 
determined that the Notes are not Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 871(m).]/[The Issuer has 
determined that the Underlying(s) for the Notes consist solely of one or more indices whose sole U.S. 
equity components are Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the 
Notes are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Underlying(s) for the Notes consist 
solely of (i) one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and/or (ii) Underlying(s) 
that are neither U.S. equities nor indices that include U.S. equities and, therefore, that the Notes are 
not Specified ELIs.] [Additional 871(m) information]. 
[Include table below if (i) the Notes are Specified ELIs, or (ii) the Notes are not Specified ELIs based 
on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test:  
Underly
ing(s) 
Underly
ing 
Securiti
es (Y/N) 
Qualifie
d 
Index/Q
ualified 
Index 
Security 
(Y/N) 
Simple 
Contrac
t (Y/N) 
Delta 
(if 
Simp
le 
Cont
ract) 
Substantial 
Equivalenc
e Test (if 
not a 
Simple 
Contract) 
Number 
of 
Shares 
Multipli
ed by 
Delta (if 
Simple 
Contrac
t) 
Initial 
Hedge 
(if 
applica
ble) 
Additio
nal 
Section 
871(m) 
Informa
tion 
 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
] 
 
[EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN HOW THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT IS 
AFFECTED BY THE VALUE OF THE UNDERLYING(S)

--- Page 1355 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
 
1355 
 
THE SCENARIO[S] AND FIGURES PRESENTED BELOW ARE FOR ILLUSTRATIVE 
PURPOSES ONLY. THE EXAMPLE[S] SHOWN BELOW MAY NOT HAVE AN EQUAL 
LIKELIHOOD OF OCCURRENCE. THE [INTEREST AMOUNT[S]] [AND] [EARLY 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND] REDEMPTION AMOUNT IN RESPECT OF EACH NOTE 
WILL BE CALCULATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
AS SET OUT IN THE "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES" IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS AND THE TERMS IN PART A ABOVE. THE ISSUER[, GUARANTOR] AND 
DEALER MAKE NO REPRESENTATION THAT ANY OF THE SCENARIOS PROVIDED 
BELOW WILL OCCUR.  
[Include examples (if appropriate) to provide a clear and comprehensive explanation to help 
investors understand how the value of their investment is affected by the value of the 
Underlying(s)]] 
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable) 
 
[CREDIT LINKED NOTES INFORMATION 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and future performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] specified above is available [but not] free 
of charge from [internationally recognised electronically displayed sources such as 
Bloomberg and any web-site of such Reference Entity].] 
(Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)] 
(Credit Linked Notes listed on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin and the Euro 
MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange only)

--- Page 1356 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1356 
 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT DRAFTING NOTES SCHEDULE 1 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 0 (Automatic Change of Interest Basis) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement, as required) 
Interest Basis Table 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) / 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
MIB [Interest 
Period End Date(s) / 
Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
Type of Notes 
[specify date] 
[specify date] 
[Yes][No] 
[Fixed Rate Notes / Floating Rate 
Notes / Inflation Rate Notes / DIR 
Inflation Linked Notes [that are DIR 
Inflation 
Linked 
Interest 
Notes][and][in in respect of which a 
DIR Linked Redemption Amount is 
applicable]/CMS 
Interest 
Linked 
Notes /Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
/Range 
Accrual 
Notes 
/Digital 
[Band] 
Notes 
/Spread 
Notes 
/Volatility Bond Notes /Synthetic 
Forward Rate Notes / Previous 
Coupon 
Linked 
Notes/and 
FX 
Performance 
Notes/and 
Reserve 
Coupon 
Notes/and 
Restructure 
Interest Rate Notes/and] Global 
Interest Floor Notes/and Global 
Interest Cap Notes] [The Notes are 
also Lock-in Redemption Notes] 
[The Notes are also Rate Linked 
Redemption Notes] [The Notes are 
also Interest Linked Redemption 
Notes] [The Notes are Zero Coupon 
Notes and do not bear or pay any 
interest] [The Notes are Credit 
Linked Notes] [The Notes are [also] 
Lock-in Redemption Notes/[and] 
Rate Linked Redemption Notes/[and] 
Dual Currency Notes] (For MIB 
Interest Period(s) or MIB Interest 
Payment Date(s), specify each type of 
interest basis that applies for such 
period or date) 
[specify date] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify date] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Yes][No] 
[specify] (repeat as required)".

--- Page 1357 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1357 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 13(ii)(I) (Underlying Linked Notes Provisions – Particulars in 
respect of each Underlying – Mandatory Early Redemption determined by reference to an FX Rate) of 
the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement, as required) 
Dual Currency Note Table 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify date] (repeat as required) 
 
[Optional Redemption Date(s) 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify date] (repeat as required)] 
 
[Scheduled] Maturity Date 
Specified DC Valuation Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 6(h) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[specify date] 
 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 13(ii)(K) (Underlying Linked Notes – Particulars in respect of 
each Underlying – FX Performance Notes) of the Pro Forma Final Terms, as required) 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Table] 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s) 
Specified MER Determination Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[specify date]

--- Page 1358 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1358 
 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] (repeat as required) 
[specify date] (repeat as required) 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 13(ii)(L) (Underlying Linked Notes– Particulars in respect of 
each Underlying – Lock-in Change of Interest Basis determined by reference to an FX Rate) of the Pro 
Forma Final Terms, as required) 
[Lock-in Change of Interest Basis Table] 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] [Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
Specified Lock-in Determination Date 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[specify date] 
[specify date] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 6(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] (repeat as required) 
[specify date] (repeat as required) 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 14(i)(A) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement, as required) 
[Interest Table] 
[Interest Payment Date(s)] 
[Interest Amount/Broken Amount] 
[] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)/ not adjusted] 
(See General Condition 6(h) (Business Day 
Convention)) 
[[] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 14(i)(A) (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] 
[Interest Payment Date(s)] 
[Specified 
Fixed 
Rate(s)] 
[Margin]158 
[Interest 
Participation Rate]159 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Amount]160 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / [] [in 
each year] [adjusted in accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
[] per cent. 
per 
annum 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Not Applicable / 
[+/-][] per cent. 
per annum] (repeat 
as required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
158  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
159  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
160  
Insert for Range Accrual Notes where Minimum/Maximum Interest Amount is specified for any Interest Period/Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 1359 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1359 
 
Convention]/not adjusted]] (repeat 
as required) 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 14(i)(B) (Floating Rate Note Provisions:) or paragraph 14(vii) 
(Volatility Bond Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement if more than one Floating 
Interest Rate is applicable and Screen Rate Determination, SONIA Floating Rate Determination,  SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination, €STR Floating Rate Determination or SARON Floating Rate 
Determination is applicable or, if more than one forward rate is applicable, as required) 
[Reference Rate Table] 
 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
Reference Rate 
[Page 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]161 
[Interest 
Determin
ation 
Date(s)]162 
[Forward 
Rate 
Reference 
Banks] 
[Specified 
Time]163 
[Compou
nding 
[Interest 
Payment Date(s) 
/ [] [in each 
year] [adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] (See 
General 
Condition 6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Convention)) 
[[] month [(the "Designated 
Maturity") 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] [insert currency] 
[EURIBOR / STIBOR / NIBOR 
/ CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / 
HIBOR] [BBSW (being the 
Sydney average mid rate for 
AUD 
bills 
of 
exchange)] 
[BKBM (being the Wellington 
rate for New Zealand Dollar bills 
of 
exchange)]] 
[SONIA] 
[SOFR] 
[€STR] 
[SARON] 
[insert details of implied forward 
rate] 
[]] 
[] 
[] 
[SONIA/
SOFR/€
STR/SA
RON] 
Floating 
Rate 
Determin
ation 
applies] 
(If 
applicabl
e, 
include 
the 
Compou
nding 
Table 
below) 
 
 
Compounding Table 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
Referenc
e Rate 
Page 
Compounding 
Method 
Observatio
n Look-
Back 
Period 
Index 
Determina
tion 
Interest 
Determin
ation 
Dates 
Delayed 
Payment 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in 
each year] 
[SONIA] 
[SOFR] 
[€STR] 
[] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Compounded 
Daily SONIA 
([Shift/Lag]) - 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[] [U.S. 
Governmen
[Applicable
] [Not 
Applicable] 
[] [As 
specified 
in 
Valuation 
[Applicabl
e] [Not 
Applicable
] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
161  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
162  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
163  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 1360 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1360 
 
[adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify 
Business Day 
Convention]] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
[(See General 
Condition 6(g) 
(Business Day 
Convention))] 
[SARON
] 
[SOFR] [€STR] 
[SARON] [OIS 
Compounding/C
ompounding 
with Lookback/ 
Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift] 
t Securities 
Business 
Days] [T2 
Business 
Days] 
[Zurich 
Banking 
Days]] 
and 
Settlemen
t 
Condition 
5(h) 
(Definitio
ns)] 
 
 
[Delayed 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[(] [U.S. 
Governme
nt 
Securities 
Business 
Days] [T2 
Business 
Days] 
[Zurich 
Banking 
Days]] [As 
specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(h) 
(Definition
s)] 
[[€STR] 
[SARON] 
Reference 
Rate Cut-
Off Date: 
[(] [2] [T2 
Business 
Days] 
[Zurich 
Banking 
Days]] 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: [ 
[Floatin
g Rate 
Table] 
]%] 
 
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: [(]%] 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(i)(B) (Floating Rate Note Provisions:) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement if more than one Floating Interest Rate and ISDA Determination is applicable, as required) 
 
[Floating Rate Table] 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s) 
ISDA 
Definiti
ons and 
Floatin
g Rate 
Option 
Designated
Maturity 
Reset Date [Payme
nt 
Date] 
[Period 
End 
Date/T
ermina
tion 
Date] 
Adjust
ment 
for 
Unsche
duled 
Holida
y: 
Delaye
d 
Payme
nt 
Compo
unding 
/Avera
ging 
Index 
Provisions 
[Business 
Days (for 
the 
purposes 
of the 
ISDA 
Definitions
) 
Floored 
ISDA Rate
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolati
on 
[Interest 
Paymen
t 
Date(s) 
/ [] [in 
each 
year] 
[adjuste
d 
in 
accorda
nce with 
[specify 
Busines
s 
Day 
Convent
ion]] 
[No 
Adjust
[2006] 
[2021] 
Definiti
ons:] [
]  
[][Not 
Applica
ble] 
[] 
[First 
day of 
the 
releva
nt 
Intere
st 
Period
] 
[subje
ct 
to 
adjust
ment 
[Applic
able][N
ot 
Applica
ble] []  
[Applic
able] 
[Not 
Applica
ble] 
[Delaye
d 
Interest 
Paymen
t 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
[Applic
able][N
ot 
Applica
ble] 
(If 
applica
ble, 
include 
the 
Compo
unding/
Averagi
ng 
[Applic
able][N
ot 
Applica
ble] 
(If 
applica
ble, 
include 
the 
Index 
Provisi
ons 
Table 
below) 
[][As 
set out 
in 
the 
[2006][
2021] 
[Definit
ions]] 
[Applic
able][N
ot 
Applica
ble] 
[Applic
able][N
ot 
Applica
ble]

--- Page 1361 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1361 
 
ment] 
[(See 
General 
Conditi
on 6(h) 
(Busine
ss Day 
Convent
ion))] 
in 
accord
ance 
with 
the 
[specif
y 
Busin
ess 
Day 
Conve
ntion]
] 
(See 
paragra
ph 
14(i)(B) 
for 
addition
al 
options) 
Table 
below)  
 
[Compounding/Averaging Table] 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
Overnigh
t Rate 
Compoun
ding 
Method 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method 
Lookback Observatio
n Period 
Shift 
Lockout 
[Average 
Rate 
Fixing 
Day] 
Delayed 
Payment 
Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate 
[Day 
Count 
Basis 
[Interest 
Paymen
t Date(s) 
/ [] [in 
each 
year] 
[adjuste
d 
in 
accorda
nce with 
[specify 
Busines
s 
Day 
Convent
ion]] 
[No 
Adjust
ment] 
[(See 
General 
Conditi
on 6(h) 
(Busine
ss Day 
Convent
ion))] 
[] 
[OIS 
Compo
unding/
Compo
unding 
with 
Lookba
ck/Com
poundin
g 
with 
Observa
tion 
Period 
Shift/Co
mpound
ing with 
Lockout
/Not 
Applica
ble] 
[Overni
ght 
Averagi
ng/Aver
aging 
with 
Lookba
ck/Aver
aging 
with 
Observa
tion 
Period 
Shift/A
veragin
g 
with 
Lockout
/Not 
Applica
ble] 
[[] 
Applica
ble 
Busines
s 
Days]/[
As 
specifie
d in the 
[2006][
2021] 
Definiti
ons]/[N
ot 
Applica
ble] 
[[] 
Observatio
n 
Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days] /[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][20
21] 
Definition
s]/[Not 
Applicable
] 
[Set-in-
Advance: 
[Applicabl
e/Not 
Applicable
] 
[Observati
on Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business 
Days: 
[]/[Not 
Applicable
]] 
[[] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][20
21] 
Definition
s]/[Not 
Applicable
] 
[]] 
[Applic
able] 
[Not 
Applica
ble] 
[Delaye
d 
Interest 
Paymen
t 
Date(s): 
[]] 
[Applicabl
e]/[Not 
Applicable
] 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: 
[]%] 
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[]%] 
[[]] 
 
[Index Provisions Table]

--- Page 1362 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1362 
 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option 
Index Method 
[Day 
Count 
Basis 
Delayed 
Payment 
Daily Capped 
Rate and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] 
[in each year] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business Day 
Convention]] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
[(See General 
Condition 6(h) 
(Business Day 
Convention))] 
[] 
[Standard 
Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index 
Method/Compounded 
Index Method with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/[As specified in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]] 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[[] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions] 
[Observation Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: []]] 
[] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Delayed 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[]] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate: []%] 
[Daily 
Floored 
Rate: []%] 
 
(Insert table below into paragraphs 14(i)(B) (Floating Rate Note Provisions:), 14(i)(C) (Inflation Rate 
Note Provisions), 14(i)(D) (DIR Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions:), 14(i)(E) (CMS Interest 
Linked Note Provisions) or 14(v) (Inverse Floating Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement if there is more than one Margin, Interest Participation Rate or Minimum/Maximum Interest 
Rate (as applicable) for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] [Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
[Inverse Fixed 
Rate / Inverse 
Reference 
Rate/ 
Specified Rate 
[Margin 
[(Inverse 
Floating 
Interest 
Rate)]]165 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate [(Inverse 
Floating 
Interest 
Rate)]]166 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Interest Rate]167 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference 
Rate]168 
 
165  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
166  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
167  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
168  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 1363 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1363 
 
1 / Specified 
Rate 2]164 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Interest 
Amount]169 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in each 
year] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Not 
Applicable / 
[+/-][] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(i)(E) (CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Pricing Supplement if "Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate" is applicable and 
there is more than one Margin 1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 
or Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as applicable) in respect of CMS Reference Rate 1 and CMS 
Reference Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
 
CMS Reference Rate 1 
CMS Reference Rate 2 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Margin 
1]170 
[Interest 
Participati
on Rate 
1]171 
[Minimum/Maxi
mum Reference 
Rate]172 
[Margin 
2]173 
[Interest 
Participati
on Rate 
2]174 
[Minimum/Maxi
mum Reference 
Rate]175 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] 
[in each year] 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/
not 
adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicab
le / [+/-][
] 
per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] / [Not 
Applicable
] (repeat as 
required) 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Not 
Applicab
le / [+/-][
] 
per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] / [Not 
Applicable
] (repeat as 
required) 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
 
164  
Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes if different for each Interest Period/Interest Payment Date. 
169  
Insert for Inflation Rate Notes or Range Accrual Notes if the Minimum/Maximum Interest Amount specified is different for each 
Interest Period/Interest Payment Date.  
170  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
171  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
172  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
173  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
174  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
175  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 1364 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1364 
 
 
(Insert table below into paragraphs 14(ii) (Range Accrual Note Provisions) or 14(v) (Inverse Floating 
Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement if there is more than one 
Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate for different Interest Periods, as required) 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[reference 
rate][one[s]]176 
[Inverse Reference 
Rate]177 
[reference 
rate][two[s]]178 
[Specified Rate 1]179 
[Specified Rate 2]180 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]181 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]182 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]183 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert the table below into paragraph 14(ii) (Range Accrual Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement if the Interest Rate, the Barrier or the Upper Range and Lower Range is different for each 
Interest Period, as required)  
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[Reference 
Observation]* 
[Interest Rate]* 
[Barrier] [Upper 
Range] 
[Lower Range] 
[Insert date(s)] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*Insert additional columns for "Interest Rate" and "Reference Observation" for each Interest Period 
if different 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(ii) (Range Accrual Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, and if the 
Interest Rate, Barrier 1 and Barrier 2, or the Upper Range 1 and Lower Range 1, Upper Range 2 and 
Lower Range 2, as applicable, is different for each Interest Period, as required) 
 
176  
Insert for Range Accrual Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
177  
Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
178  
Insert for Range Accrual Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
179  
Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
180  
Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different for any Interest Period. 
181  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
182  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
183  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 1365 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1365 
 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interes
t Period 
End 
Date(s) 
[Interes
t Rate] 
Accrual Condition 1 
Accrual Condition 2 
[Accrual Condition 3 
[Barrier 1] 
[Lower 
Range 1] 
[Reference 
Observatio
n 1]* 
[Upper 
Range 
1] 
[Barrier 2] 
[Lower 
Range 2] 
[Reference 
Observatio
n 2]* 
[Upper 
Range 
2] 
[Barrier 3] 
[Lower 
Range 3] 
[Reference 
Observatio
n 3]* 
[Upper 
Range 
3] 
[Insert 
date(s)] 
(repeat 
as 
required
) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required
) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required
) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required
)] 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required
)] 
*Insert additional columns for "Reference Observation 1" under the heading "Accrual Condition 1", 
"Reference Observation 2" under the heading "Accrual Condition 2" and "Reference Observation 3" 
under the heading "Accrual Condition 3", for each Interest Period if different. 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(i)(E)IV (Range Accrual Note Provisions:) of the Pro Forma 
Pricing Supplement if "Lev", Adj", "RA Cap", "RA Floor" and "Protection Level" are different for each 
Interest Period, as required) 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Lev 
Adj 
RA Cap 
RA Floor 
[Protection 
Level 
[Insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)] 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(vi) (Spread Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
if Relevant Spread Rate, or the Margin (Spread Interest Rate), Interest Participation Rate (Spread 
Interest Rate), Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate in respect of the Relevant Spread 
Rate for each Interest Period is different) 
[Rate Table for Spread Note Provisions]

--- Page 1366 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1366 
 
[Interest Period End Date(s)] 
[Relevant 
Spread 
Rate]184 
[Margin (Spread 
Interest Rate)]185 
[Interest 
Participation Rate 
(Spread Interest 
Rate)]186 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate]187 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / [] 
[in each year] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[No] [Option 
One] / [Spread 
Cap] 
applicable 
[Not Applicable / 
[+/-][] per cent. per 
annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(vi) (Spread Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
if Spread Rate 1 Margin, Spread Rate 2 Margin, Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate, Spread Rate 
2 Interest Participation Rate, Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate for each 
Interest Period is different) 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s) 
[Spread Rate 1] 
[Spread Rate 2] 
[Spread Rate 3]* 
[Spread 
Rate 1 
Margin] 
[Spread Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate]188 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]* 
[Spread 
Rate 2 
Margin]* 
[Spread 
Rate 3 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Spread Rate 3 Interest 
Participation Rate]189 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]* 
[insert 
date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
+/- 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
+/- 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required)] 
*Insert, if applicable, an additional column for "Spread Rate 3", and additional columns for "Spread 
Rate 3 Margin", "Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate" and/or "Minimum/Maximum Reference 
Rate" if different for each Interest Period. 
 
184  
Insert if different for each Interest Period. 
185  
Insert if Margin (Spread Interest Rate) is different for each Interest Period. 
186  
Insert if Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) is different for each Interest Period. 
187  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate is not applicable or is the same for all Interest Periods. 
188  
Insert additional columns for Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate or Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate if different for each 
 
Interest Period. 
189  
Insert additional columns for Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate or Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate if different for each 
 
Interest Period.

--- Page 1367 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1367 
 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(viii) (Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Pricing Supplement if Relevant SF Rate, or the Margin (SF Interest Rate), Interest Participation Rate 
(SF Interest Rate), Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate in respect of the Relevant SF 
Rate for each Interest Period is different) 
[Rate Table for Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Relevant SF 
Rate]190 
[Margin (SF Interest 
Rate)]191 
[Interest 
Participation Rate 
(SF Interest Rate)]192 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate]193 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in each 
year] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Synthetic Forward 
Option One] / 
[Synthetic Forward 
Option Two] 
[Not Applicable / [+/-
][] 
per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(viii) (Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Pricing Supplement if Rate 1 Margin, Rate 2 Margin, Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate, Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate, SF Rate 1 Margin, SF Rate 2 Margin, SF Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate, SF Rate 
2 Interest Participation Rate, Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate for each 
Interest Period is different) 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[SF] [Rate 1]* 
[SF] [Rate 2]* 
[SF] [Rate 1 
Margin]* 
[SF] [Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate]* 
[SF] 
[Rate 2 
Margin]* 
[SF] [Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate]* 
[Insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
+/- [specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
+/- 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*insert, if applicable, additional columns if different for each Interest Period. 
 
 
190  
Insert if different for each Interest Period. 
191  
Insert if Margin (SF Interest Rate) is different for each Interest Period. 
192  
Insert if Interest Participation Rate (SF Interest Rate) is different for each Interest Period. 
193  
Insert if Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate is different for each Interest Period.

--- Page 1368 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1368 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 14(ix) (Previous Coupon Linked Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Pricing Supplement if the Previous Coupon Reference Rate, Rate 1 and Rate 2 for each Interest Period 
or Interest Payment Date is different) 
 
[Rate Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Payment Date] 
[Margin 
(Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Interest 
Rate)]194 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Interest 
Rate)]195 
[Previous Coupon 
Reference Rate] 
[Rate 1]196 [Rate 
2]197 
[Minimum / 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate]198 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [] [in 
each 
year] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Not Applicable / 
[+/-] [] per cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
Previous Coupon[, 
[plus/minus] 
[(i)] 
Rate 1][, multiplied 
by 
Rate 
1 
Participation Rate] 
[, [plus/minus] (ii) 
Rate 2][, multiplied 
by 
Rate 
2 
Participation Rate] 
(repeat as required) 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
[Relevant 
Swap 
Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/JPY 
10:00/JPY 
15:00/USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
Designated 
Maturity: [] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre: []] 
Relevant Time: [] 
Reference 
Currency: [] 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): [] 
Page: []] 
[] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required)  
 
 
194  
Delete if Margin is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
195  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
196  
Delete if Rate 1 for a Previous Coupon Reference Rate is the same for all Interest Periods. 
197  
Delete if Rate 2 for a Previous Coupon Reference Rate is the same for all Interest Periods. 
198  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 1369 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1369 
 
(insert if required) 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(ix) (Previous Coupon Linked Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma 
Pricing Supplement if the Rate 1 Participation Rate, Rate 2 Participation Rate, Minimum / Maximum 
Reference Rate for each Interest Period or Interest Payment Date is different) 
[Rate Table for Previous Coupon Linked Notes] 
Previous Coupon Reference Rate 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] [Previous 
Coupon Linked 
Payment Date] 
Rate 1 
Rate 2 
[Rate 1 
Participation 
Rate]199 
[Minimum / 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate]200 
[Rate 2 
Participation 
Rate]201 
[Minimum / 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate]202 
[Insert date(s)] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required)] 
 
(Insert table below into paragraph 14(x) (FX Performance Note Provisions) of the Pro Forma Pricing 
Supplement if the Reserve Coupon Rate for each Interest Period or Interest Payment Date is different) 
[FX Performance Table for FX Performance Notes] 
[Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s)] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)] 
[FX Performance 
1] 
[FX 
Performanc
e Valuation 
Date 1] 
[FX Performance 
2] 
[FX 
Performanc
e Valuation 
Date 2] 
FX 
Performanc
e 
Participatio
n rate 
[Insert 
date(s)] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[[] / FX 
Performance 1 
shall be 
determined by 
reference to the 
Underlying 
specified in 
paragraph 13(ii) 
[[] / Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[] / FX 
Performance 2 
shall be 
determined by 
reference to the 
Underlying 
designated as such 
in paragraph 13(ii) 
[[] / Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[[] / Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
 
199  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
200  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
201  
Delete if Interest Participation Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods. 
202  
Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is not applicable for all Interest Periods.

--- Page 1370 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1370 
 
above / The rate 
determined as set 
out in paragraph 
14(xi)II above] 
(repeat as 
required) 
above / The rate 
determined as set 
out in paragraph 
14(xi)III above] 
(repeat as 
required) 
 
 
 
(insert table below into paragraph 20(iv) (Mandatory Early Redemption:) of the Pro Forma Final Terms 
if the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount for each Mandatory Early Redemption Date is different) 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Table] 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date(s) 
Specified MER 
Determination 
Date(s) 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount 
[TARN Rate] 
[Insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required) 
[Insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required) 
[Specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[Specify] 
(repeat as required)

--- Page 1371 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1371 
 
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT DRAFTING NOTES SCHEDULE 2 
(Details of Reference Rate(s) (or Specified Rate(s) in the case of Inverse Floating Rate Notes) to be 
inserted into the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement, as required) 
[Reference Rate [One(s)]/Specified Rate [One] 
(Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Forward Rate] 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest 
Rate) [Specified Fixed Rate: (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] per cent. per annum 
• 
[Margin (for the Specified Fixed Rate):] 
(delete if not applicable) 
[] 
• 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
Specified Fixed Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate) [Manner in which the Floating 
Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination 
/ 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
€STR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
SARON 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination applies] 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate and Screen Rate Determination is 
applicable) [Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
[Reference Rate: 
[Insert currency] [EURIBOR / STIBOR / NIBOR 
/ CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] [BBSW 
(being the Sydney average mid rate for AUD bills 
of exchange)] [BKBM (being the Wellington rate 
for New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)] [As 
set out in the Reference Rate Table] (if more than 
one interest rate, specify Interest Period End 
Dates to which each interest rate applies by 
inserting a Reference Rate Table, the form of 
which is set out in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[] month[s] [(the "Designated Maturity") 
(Include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] [Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
• 
Specified Time: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table]

--- Page 1372 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1372 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[] [As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
• 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)][Specified 
Lock-in 
Determination Date(s)][Specified MER 
Determination Date(s)]: 
[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: 
[Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s)]/[specify] day on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in [(specify)] prior to the start of each Interest 
Period/First 
day 
of 
each 
Interest 
Period/[(specify)] day on which T2 is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period] [As specified 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 5(h) 
(Definitions)] [As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table] 
• 
Page: 
[] 
• 
[Margin (for the Screen Rate):] (delete 
if not applicable) 
[] 
• 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
Screen Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate and ISDA Determination is 
applicable) [ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions][2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
(Where 
the 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
are 
Applicable, note that the Conditions have been 
reviewed in relation to Version 8 dated 10 March 
2023 of the 2021 Definitions and the Floating 
Rate Matrix. If a later version is to be followed, 
the Conditions should be reviewed carefully to 
ensure compatibility with the relevant ISDA Rate 
before use) 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[](Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are 
Applicable, ensure this is a Floating Rate Option 
included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[][Not Applicable] (A Designated Maturity 
period is not relevant where the relevant Floating 
Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option)

--- Page 1373 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1373 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[][First day of the relevant Interest Period] [Last 
day of the relevant Interest Period] (Specify for a 
Compounded/Average Floating Rate Option, an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option which has an 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method 
or a Compounded Index Floating Rate option) 
[The first day of the next following Interest Period 
(other than the Final Interest Period, in which 
case, the Reset Date will be the [Scheduled] 
Maturity Date/Arrears Setting] (Specify the first 
option if Arrears Setting applies under the 2021 
ISDA Definitions and the second option under the 
2006 Definitions) [subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] Business Day Convention] 
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert same 
Business Day Convention as for Interest Period 
End Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies to 
such dates, in which case delete the reference to 
Business Day Convention so that relevant ISDA 
fallbacks relating to Business Day Conventions 
will apply) 
• 
Fixing Day: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 
2006 Definitions apply) 
• 
Fixing Time: 
[] [As specified in the 2021 Definitions] [Not 
Applicable] (Specify not applicable where the 
2006 Definitions apply) 
• 
Payment 
Date 
adjustment 
for 
Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable as set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(b)(i)(2)(a)/Not Applicable] [As set 
out in the Floating Rate Table] [] (Specify any 
other adjustment that should apply) 
• 
Period End Date/Termination Date 
adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
• 
[Business Day (for the purposes of the 
ISDA Definitions): 
[][As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]] 
• 
Floored ISDA Rate/Floored Interest 
Amount: 
[Floored 
[ISDA 
Rate]/[Interest 
Amount]: 
Applicable][Not Applicable] 
• 
Compounding/Averaging: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" or "Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method" is applicable. If not

--- Page 1374 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1374 
 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
• 
Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not 
Applicable] 
• 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
• 
Lookback: 
[[] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable 
only 
for 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback or Averaging with Lookback) 
• 
Observation Period Shift: 
[[] Observation Period Shift Business Days] 
/[As specified in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be 
changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: []/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable 
only 
for 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift) 
• 
Lockout: 
[[] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] (Applicable only for Compounding 
with Lockout or Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: []/ [Applicable 
Business Days]] (Specify Applicable Business 
Days unless the standard position under the ISDA 
Definitions is to be changed) 
• 
Average Rate Fixing Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period or 
in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]/[The day [] Applicable 
Business Days preceding the [Reset Date]/[first 
day of the next following Interest Period or in the 
case of the final Interest Period, the Termination 
Date]]] (Only include if the 2006 Definitions 
apply and the specified Floating Rate Option is a 
Published Average Rate)] 
• 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Floating Rate Table] 
[If Applicable:

--- Page 1375 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1375 
 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [] Business 
Days] 
• 
Daily Capped Rate and/or 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable 
only 
for 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method 
or 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging Method.) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate 
and Daily Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%] 
• 
[Day Count Basis: 
[]] (Only relevant where an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" applies or the "Index 
Provisions" are specified as Applicable If not 
included this will be the denominator of the Day 
Count Fraction) 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
• 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (May only be selected if 
the 2021 Definitions are specified)/[All-in] 
Compounded Index Method/Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift/[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Not Applicable should be specified unless the 
standard position under the ISDA Definitions is 
to be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: []]] 
• 
[Day Count Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the denominator 
of the Day Count Fraction) 
• 
ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable (Specify the Shorter Designated 
Maturity 
and 
the 
Longer 
Designated 
Maturity)][Not Applicable]] 
• 
[Margin (for the ISDA Rate):] (delete if 
not applicable) 
[] 
• 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
ISDA Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[]]

--- Page 1376 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1376 
 
(Insert if Reference Rate is a SONIA Floating 
Rate) [SONIA Floating Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
SONIA 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
• 
Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
• 
Page: 
[]/[SONIAOSR=][Not Applicable] 
(If Index Determination applies, specify not 
applicable) 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Insert where Index Determination does not 
apply: Fifth London Banking Day prior to the end 
of each Interest Period] 
[Insert where Index Determination applies: The 
day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant Final Interest 
Period End Date for which purpose "Relevant 
Number" means [insert number being two or 
greater] [] 
• 
[Margin (for the SONIA Floating 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
• 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
SONIA Floating Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
(Insert if Reference Rate is a SOFR Floating Rate 
or SOFR Index Floating Rate) [SOFR Floating 
Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
SOFR 
• 
Compounding Method: 
[Not Applicable/SOFR OIS Compounding/SOFR 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback/SOFR 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift]  
(Specify 
not 
applicable 
where 
Index 
Determination is applicable)

--- Page 1377 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1377 
 
• 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days]  
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is SOFR OIS Compounding or Index 
Determination is applicable. N.B. must be at least 
two such relevant days to allow clearing system 
payments) 
• 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index 
Determination: 
Second 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date] []  
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant Final Interest Period 
End Date and "Relevant Number" means [insert 
number being two or greater]] []  
• 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
(Applicable where SOFR OIS Compounding is 
the Compounding Method) 
• 
Daily Capped Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] 
• 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[] [As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [Not 
Applicable] 
• 
[Margin (for the SOFR Floating Rate or 
SOFR Index Floating Rate):] (delete if 
not applicable) 
[] 
• 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
SOFR Floating Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
(Insert if Reference Rate is an €STR Floating 
Rate) [€STR Floating Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
€STR

--- Page 1378 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1378 
 
• 
Page: 
[] 
• 
Compounding Method: 
[€STR OIS Compounding/€STR Compounding 
with 
Lookback/€STR 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift] 
• 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] T2 Business Days] 
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is €STR OIS Compounding. N.B. must be 
at least two such relevant days to allow clearing 
system payments) 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[] [As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] (Applicable only 
where 
€STR 
OIS 
Compounding 
is 
the 
Compounding Method) 
• 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [[] T2 
Business Days] [As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] 
€STR Reference Rate Cut-Off Date: [] [2] T2 
Business Days] 
(Applicable where €STR OIS Compounding is the 
Compounding Method) 
• 
Daily Capped Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
• 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
• 
[Margin (for the €STR Floating Rate):] 
(delete if not applicable) 
[] 
• 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
€STR Floating Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
(Insert if Reference Rate is a SARON Floating 
Rate) [SARON Floating Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
SARON 
• 
Page: 
[] 
• 
Compounding Method: 
[SARON 
OIS 
Compounding/ 
SARON 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback/ 
SARON 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift]

--- Page 1379 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1379 
 
• 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[[] Zurich Banking Days] 
(Specify not applicable where the Compounding 
Method is SARON OIS Compounding. N.B. must 
be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[] [As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] (Applicable only 
where SARON OIS Compounding is the 
Compounding Method) 
• 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Delayed Interest Payment Date(s): [[] Zurich 
Banking Days] [As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(h) (Definitions)] 
SARON Reference Rate Cut-Off Date: [] [2] 
Zurich Banking Days] 
(Applicable where SARON OIS Compounding is 
the Compounding Method) 
• 
Daily Capped Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
• 
Daily Floored Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
• 
[Margin (for the SARON Floating 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[] 
• 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the 
SARON Floating Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[] 
(Insert if Reference Rate is a CMS Interest Rate) 
[CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
["CMS Reference Rate 
[1]"] (If CMS Interest 
Rate is "Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", 
insert heading "CMS 
Reference Rate 1") 
["CMS 
Reference 
Rate 2"] (If CMS 
Interest 
Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest 
Rates" 
or 
"CMS Spread Interest 
Rate", 
insert 
this 
column) 
• 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/JPY 
10:00/JPY 
15:00/USD 
[[EUR/GBP/JPY 
10:00/JPY 
15:00/USD 
SOFR/

--- Page 1380 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1380 
 
SOFR/ 
Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
Mid-Market] 
Swap 
Rate 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
[][month[s]/year[s]] 
• 
[Relevant Financial Centre:] (Insert if 
Relevant Swap Rate is Mid-Market 
Swap Rate) 
[] 
[] 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[]  
[]  
• 
Reference Currency: 
[] 
[]  
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: []] [] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate Determination is 
applicable: []] [] 
• 
Page: 
[] 
[] 
• 
Margin [1] (for CMS Reference Rate 
[1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(Specify each Margin [1] if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
• 
[Margin 2 (for CMS Reference Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum] 
(Specify each Margin 2 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table, the form of which is in 
Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
• 
Interest Participation Rate [1] (for CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form 
of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1) 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
• 
[Interest Participation Rate 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table, the form 
of which is in Drafting Notes Schedule 1)]] 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a Forward Rate 
– applicable only in respect of Volatility Bond 
Note Provisions)

--- Page 1381 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement  
 
1381 
 
• 
[Reference Rate: 
Implied Forward Rate: [specify] forward rate (If 
more than one forward rate, specify Interest 
Period End Dates to which each forward rate 
applies by inserting a Reference Rate Table, the 
form of which is set out in Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[] 
• 
Specified Time: 
[] 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
Periodic Rate Determination is applicable: 
[Specify] 
• 
Forward Rate Reference Banks: 
[][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 5(b)(iii) (Forward Rate Notes)]] 
[Reference Rate [One(s)/Two(s)] /Specified Rate 
Two (Insert for Inverse Floating Rate Notes):] 
[Fixed Interest Rate/ Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate] (Repeat above details as required 
for Reference Rate Two or if there is more than 
one Reference Rate Ones, or Specified Rate Two 
for Inverse Floating Rate Notes) 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
• 
(insert if any Reference Rate is subject 
to 
a 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rate) 
[Minimum Reference Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
• 
(insert if any Reference Rate is subject 
to 
a 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate) 
[Maximum Reference Rate: 
[] [Not Applicable]] 
[] 
[Not 
Applicable]]]

--- Page 1382 ---
Schedule to Pricing Supplement 
 
1382 
 
[SCHEDULE [1]TO PRICING SUPPLEMENT] 
(Insert as a Schedule to the Pricing Supplement as required) 
 
(Insert if Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, Reference Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2) is different for each Interest Period) 
[Reference Observation Table] 
Reference Observation [1] [2] [3]* 
Reference Rate [One[s]] 
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate One) 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Specified Fixed 
Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/CMS Interest 
Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference 
Rate (including Designated 
Maturity, if applicable) 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]203 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]204 
 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time]205 
[ISDA Definitions] 
[Payment 
Date]/[Period End 
Date/Termination 
Date] adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored 
ISDA Amount] 
[Business Day (for 
the purposes of the 
ISDA 
Definitions)] 
[ISDA Definitions 
Linear Interpolation] 
Margin 
Interest Participation 
Rate 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [] 
[in each year] 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/
No 
Adjustment]] 
(See General 
Condition 
6(h) (Business 
Day 
Convention)) 
[Insert details 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[[2006]  
[2021] Definitions] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] [] 
[] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
[] 
[] 
[Reference Rate Ones] 
 
Specified Fixed 
Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/CMS Interest 
Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]206 
[Reset Date] 
[[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time]208 
[ISDA Definitions] 
[Payment 
Date]/[Period End 
Date/Termination 
Date] adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored 
ISDA/Floored 
ISDA Amount 
Rate] 
[Business Day (for 
the purposes of the 
[ISDA Definitions 
Linear Interpolation] 
Margin 
Interest Participation 
Rate 
 
203  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
204  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
205  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
206  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
208  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 1383 ---
Schedule to Pricing Supplement 
 
1383 
 
Rate (including Designated 
Maturity, if applicable) 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]207 
ISDA 
Definitions)] 
[Reference Rate Two[s]] 
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate One) 
 
Specified Fixed 
Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/CMS Interest 
Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference 
Rate (including Designated 
Maturity, if applicable) 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]209 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]210 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time]211 
[ISDA Definitions] 
[Payment 
Date]/[Period End 
Date/Termination 
Date] adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored 
ISDA Amount] 
[Business Day (for 
the purposes of the 
ISDA 
Definitions)] 
[ISDA Definitions 
Linear Interpolation] 
Margin 
Interest Participation 
Rate 
[Reference Rate Two[s]] 
 
Specified Fixed 
Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/CMS Interest 
Rate/Spread Interest 
Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread Reference 
Rate (including Designated 
Maturity, if applicable) 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]212 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]213 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time]214 
[ISDA Definitions] 
[Payment 
Date]/[Period End 
Date/Termination 
Date] adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored ISDA 
Rate/Floored 
ISDA Amount] 
[Business Day (for 
the purposes of the 
ISDA 
Definitions)] 
[ISDA Definitions 
Linear Interpolation] 
Margin 
Interest Participation 
Rate 
*Insert additional rows for Reference Observation 2 and/or Reference Observation 3 if different for each Interest Period 
 
(Insert if Rollerball Reference Observation or Rollerball Barrier is different for each Mandatory Early Redemption Date) 
[Rollerball Reference Determination Table] 
[Rollerball Reference Observation] [Rollerball Barrier]*  
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s) 
Specified Fixed 
Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant 
Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]215 
[Reset Date] 
[Specified 
Time/Releva
nt Time]217 
[ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Effective 
Date] 
[Termination 
Date] 
[Period End 
Date/Terminati
on Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday] 
[Floored ISDA 
Rate] 
[Business Day 
(for the 
purposes of the 
ISDA 
Definitions)] 
[Compounding/ 
Averaging] 
[Index 
provisions] 
[ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation] 
 
207  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
209  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
210  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
211  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
212  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
213  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
214  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
215  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions. 
217  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 1384 ---
Schedule to Pricing Supplement 
 
1384 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)]216 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / 
[] 
[in 
each 
year] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordan
ce 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Conventi
on]/No 
Adjustm
ent]] (See 
General 
Conditio
n 
6(h) 
(Business 
Day 
Conventi
on)) 
[Insert details] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[2006 ISDA 
Definitions/20
21 ISDA 
Definitions] 
[Interest 
Commence
ment 
Date]/ [*] 
[Last occurring 
Interest Period 
End Date]/ [] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[] 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (If 
applicable, insert 
the 
Compounding/Ave
raging Table from 
Drafting Notes 
Schedule 1) 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
applicable, 
insert the 
Index 
provision 
table from 
Drafting 
Notes 
Schedule 1) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
*Insert additional rows for Rollerball Barrier if different for each Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
 
216  
Insert if not specified in the Valuation and Settlement Conditions.

--- Page 1385 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1385 
 
APPENDIX 1 – CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
(a) 
N-th to Default Basket Credit Linked Notes – Appendix 1  
Reference 
Entity  
Transaction 
Type: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(b) 
[Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes][Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
Reference 
Entity 
and 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign, 
where 
applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior Non-
Preferred 
Level]

--- Page 1386 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1386 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign, 
where 
applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior Non-
Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(c) 
[Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ]/[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(d) 
[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Settled Entity Matrix

--- Page 1387 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1387 
 
The table below reflects data from the Settled Entity Matrix as at Index Annex Date. 
Settled Entity:  
Weighted 
Average 
Final 
Price: 
Weighting: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1388 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1388 
 
[Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes] 
Reference 
Entity: 
Reference 
Assets: 
Reference 
Assets 
Call/Maturity 
Date: 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Reference 
Assets 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date: 
Reference 
Assets 
Conditions 
Date: 
Settlement 
Currency 
Principal 
Amount: 
LCY 
Reference 
Amount: 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level]    
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
 
Reference Assets Forward 
Rate: 
Reference Assets FX 
Forward Notional: 
Reference Assets FX 
Forward Termination 
Date: 
 
 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1389 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1389 
 
APPENDIX 2 – PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT MATRIX

--- Page 1390 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1390 
 
SCHEDULE [1]218 
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN CORPORATE219 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN 
CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring, if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
− 
Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable unless otherwise specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
218 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
219 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard North American Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 
1 in its entirety.

--- Page 1391 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1391 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN 
CORPORATE 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1392 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1392 
 
SCHEDULE [2]220 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]221 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]222 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Mod Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is a Financial Transaction 
Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is a Financial Transaction 
Type, Applicable, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
 
220 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
221 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is any of (i) "Standard European Corporate", (ii) "Standard European 
Financial Corporate", (iii) "Standard European CoCo Financial Corporate", (iv) "Standard European Senior Non 
Preferred Financial Corporate" or (v) "Standard European Limited Recourse Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 
2 in its entirety. 
222 
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1393 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1393 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]222 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is "Standard 
European 
CoCo 
Financial 
Corporate" 
or 
"European CoCo Financial Corporate", otherwise 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is "Standard 
European Senior Non Preferred Financial 
Corporate" or "European Senior Non Preferred 
Financial Corporate", otherwise Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is "Standard 
European Limited Recourse Corporate" or

--- Page 1394 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1394 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]222 
"European 
Limited 
Recourse 
Corporate", 
otherwise Not Applicable.

--- Page 1395 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1395 
 
SCHEDULE [3]223 
STANDARD SUBORDINATED EUROPEAN INSURANCE CORPORATE224 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SUBORDINATED 
EUROPEAN INSURANCE CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
223 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
224 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Subordinated European Insurance Corporate", otherwise 
delete this Schedule 3 in its entirety.

--- Page 1396 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1396 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SUBORDINATED 
EUROPEAN INSURANCE CORPORATE 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1397 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1397 
 
SCHEDULE [4]225 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN CORPORATE LPN226 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE LPN 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
− 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Multiple Holder Obligation: 
(a) 
Not Applicable with respect to 
Obligation Category "Bonds". 
(b) 
Applicable with respect to 
Obligation Category "Loans". 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Not Domestic Law. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
 
225 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
226 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN", otherwise delete this 
Schedule 4 in its entirety.

--- Page 1398 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1398 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE LPN 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1399 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1399 
 
SCHEDULE [5]227 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN CORPORATE228 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
− 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Multiple Holder Obligation: 
(a) 
Not Applicable with respect to 
Obligation Category "Bonds". 
(b) 
Applicable with respect to 
Obligation Category "Loans". 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Not Domestic Law. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
 
227 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
228 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Emerging European Corporate", otherwise delete this 
Schedule 5 in its entirety.

--- Page 1400 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1400 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1401 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1401 
 
SCHEDULE [6]229 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE B230 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
CORPORATE B 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
− 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
229 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
230 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Latin America Corporate B", otherwise delete this Schedule 
6 in its entirety.

--- Page 1402 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1402 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
CORPORATE B 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1403 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1403 
 
SCHEDULE [7]231 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE BL232 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
CORPORATE 
BL 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
− 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
 
231 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
232 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Latin America Corporate BL", otherwise delete this 
Schedule 7 in its entirety.

--- Page 1404 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1404 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
CORPORATE 
BL 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1405 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1405 
 
SCHEDULE [8]233 
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]234 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]235 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
233 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
234 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard Australia Corporate" or (ii) "Standard Australia Financial 
Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 8 in its entirety. 
235 
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1406 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1406 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]235 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1407 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1407 
 
SCHEDULE [9]236 
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]237 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW 
ZEALAND FINANCIAL CORPORATE]238 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
236 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
237 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard New Zealand Corporate" or (ii) "Standard New Zealand 
Financial Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 9 in its entirety. 
238 
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1408 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1408 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW 
ZEALAND FINANCIAL CORPORATE]238 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federations (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1409 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1409 
 
SCHEDULE [10]239 
[STANDARD JAPAN CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN FINANCIAL CORPORATE]240 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD JAPAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]241 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
− 
Payment Requirement: If the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount is in 
JPY, JPY 100,000,000 or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency as of 
the occurrence of the relevant Failure to 
Pay. In all other cases, USD 1,000,000 
or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation 
Currency 
as 
of 
the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to 
Pay. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable 
− 
Default Requirement: If the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount is in 
JPY, 
JPY 
1,000,000,000 
or 
its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the 
relevant Credit Event. In all other cases, 
USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
 
239 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
240 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard Japan Corporate" or (ii) "Standard Japan Financial 
Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 10 in its entirety. 
241 
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1410 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1410 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD JAPAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]241 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable.

--- Page 1411 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1411 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD JAPAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]241 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1412 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1412 
 
SCHEDULE [11]242 
[STANDARD SINGAPORE CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]243 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]244 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
 
242 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
243 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard Singapore Corporate" or (ii) "Standard Singapore 
Financial Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 11 in its entirety. 
244 
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1413 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1413 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]244 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable

--- Page 1414 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1414 
 
SCHEDULE [12]245 
[STANDARD ASIA CORPORATE]/[STANDARD ASIA FINANCIAL CORPORATE]246 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD ASIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD ASIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]247 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial 
Transaction Type, Applicable, otherwise Not 
Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
 
245 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
246 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) "Standard Asia Corporate" or (ii) "Standard Asia Financial 
Corporate", otherwise delete this Schedule 12 in its entirety. 
247 
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 1415 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1415 
 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD ASIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD ASIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]247 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1416 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1416 
 
SCHEDULE [13]248 
STANDARD WESTERN EUROPEAN SOVEREIGN249 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD WESTERN EUROPEAN 
SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
248 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
249 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Western European Sovereign", otherwise delete this 
Schedule 13 in its entirety.

--- Page 1417 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1417 
 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Hellenic 
Republic, otherwise Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1418 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1418 
 
SCHEDULE [14]250 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA SOVEREIGN251 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA 
SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
− 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring 
− 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable if the Reference Entity is the 
Republic of Argentina or the Republic of 
Ecuador, otherwise Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions 
Not Applicable. 
 
250 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
251 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Latin America Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 
14 in its entirety.

--- Page 1419 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1419 
 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic 
of Ecuador, otherwise Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the 
Argentine Republic, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1420 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1420 
 
SCHEDULE [15]252 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN253 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & 
MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
− 
Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable if the Reference Entity is the 
Republic of Ukraine, otherwise Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
252 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
253 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign", 
otherwise delete this Schedule 15 in its entirety.

--- Page 1421 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1421 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & 
MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic 
of Ukraine, otherwise Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic 
of Hungary, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Russian 
Federation, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1422 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1422 
 
SCHEDULE [16]254 
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN255 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
254 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
255 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Australia Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 16 in 
its entirety.

--- Page 1423 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1423 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1424 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1424 
 
SCHEDULE [17]256 
STANDARD NEW ZEALAND SOVEREIGN257 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NEW ZEALAND SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
256 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
257 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard New Zealand Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 
17 in its entirety.

--- Page 1425 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1425 
 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1426 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1426 
 
SCHEDULE [18]258 
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN259 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
− 
Payment Requirement: If the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount is in 
JPY, JPY 100,000,000 or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency as of 
the occurrence of the relevant Failure to 
Pay. In all other cases, USD 1,000,000 
or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation 
Currency 
as 
of 
the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to 
Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
− 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
Not 
Applicable. 
− 
Default Requirement: If the Floating 
Rate Payer Calculation Amount is in 
JPY, 
JPY 
1,000,000,000 
or 
its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the 
relevant Credit Event. In all other cases, 
USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
 
258 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
259 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Japan Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 18 in its 
entirety.

--- Page 1427 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1427 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1428 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1428 
 
SCHEDULE [19]260 
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN261 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency: 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Specified Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
 
260 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
261 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Singapore Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 19 in 
its entirety.

--- Page 1429 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1429 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1430 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1430 
 
SCHEDULE [20]262 
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN263 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if "2003 Reference Entity" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
262 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
263 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard Asia Sovereign", otherwise delete this Schedule 20 in its 
entirety.

--- Page 1431 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1431 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 1432 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1432 
 
SCHEDULE [21]264 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL FAITH AND CREDIT265 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL 
FAITH AND CREDIT 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency 
– 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
264 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
265 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit", otherwise delete this 
Schedule 21 in its entirety.

--- Page 1433 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1433 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL 
FAITH AND CREDIT 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
Applicable.

--- Page 1434 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1434 
 
SCHEDULE [22]266 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL GENERAL FUND267 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL GENERAL 
FUND 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
General Fund Obligation Liability. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency 
– 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
General Fund Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
266 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
267 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard U.S. Municipal General Fund", otherwise delete this 
Schedule 22 in its entirety.

--- Page 1435 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1435 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL GENERAL 
FUND 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
Applicable.

--- Page 1436 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1436 
 
SCHEDULE [23]268 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL REVENUE269 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL REVENUE 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified 
Currency 
– 
Standard 
Specified 
Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
Revenue Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
268 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
269 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is "Standard U.S. Municipal Revenue", otherwise delete this Schedule 
23 in its entirety.

--- Page 1437 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1437 
 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL REVENUE 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 19, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
the 
Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
Applicable.

--- Page 1438 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1438 
 
APPENDIX 3 – INDEX SKEW NOTES 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference 
Entity:  
Transaction 
Type: 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
Index Skew Notes – Hypothetical Single Name Set 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligation 
Seniority 
Level 
Floating 
Rate Payer 
Calculation 
Amount 
(Insert 
Currency) 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including 
a 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Specify]

--- Page 1439 ---
Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1439 
 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including 
a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1440 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1440 
 
SECTION I – INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
Page 
"CREST Deed Poll" ......................................................... 274 
"Single Name Successor Entity ....................................... 767 
$ ....................................................................................... xxiv 
€ ....................................................................................... xxiv 
1/1 ..................................................................................... 910 
10 August 2015 Base Prospectus ............................. 146, 180 
10-year Limitation Date ................................................... 677 
2.5-year Limitation Date .......................................... 677, 799 
2006 Definitions ............................................................... 117 
2013 Base Prospectus ............................................... 146, 179 
2013 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3 ...................... 179 
2013 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3 ............. 146 
2014 Base Prospectus ............................................... 146, 179 
2014 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2 ...................... 180 
2014 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2 ............. 146 
2014 ISDA Definitions..................................................... 840 
2015 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2 ...................... 180 
2015 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3 ...................... 180 
2015 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.4 ...................... 180 
2015 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.2 ...................... 162 
2015 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.4 ...................... 162 
2015 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2 ..... 146, 147 
2015 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4 ............. 147 
2016 CGMFL Base Prospectus ........................................ 180 
2016 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.1 ...................... 180 
2016 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3 ...................... 180 
2016 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.4 ...................... 180 
2016 CGMHI Base Prospectus ........................................ 162 
2016 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.1 ...................... 162 
2016 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.4 ...................... 163 
2016 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus ............................... 147 
2016 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1 ............. 147 
2016 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4 ............. 147 
2017 CGMFL Base Prospectus ........................................ 181 
2017 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.10 ................... 181 
2017 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3 ..................... 181 
2017 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5 ..................... 181 
2017 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.9 ..................... 181 
2017 CGMHI Base Prospectus ........................................ 163 
2017 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.10 .................... 163 
2017 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3 ...................... 163 
2017 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5 ...................... 163 
2017 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.9 ...................... 163 
2017 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus ............................... 147 
2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.10 ........... 148 
2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3 ............. 147 
2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5 ............. 147 
2017 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.9 ............. 147 
2018 CGMFL Base Prospectus ....................................... 181 
2018 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2 ..................... 181 
2018 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3 ..................... 181 
2018 CGMHI Base Prospectus ........................................ 163 
2018 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.2 ...................... 163 
2018 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3 ...................... 163 
2018 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus ............................... 148 
2018 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2 ............. 148 
2018 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3 ............. 148 
2019 CGMFL Base Prospectus ....................................... 181 
2019 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.1 ..................... 181 
2019 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3 ..................... 181 
2019 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5 ..................... 182 
2019 CGMHI Base Prospectus ........................................ 163 
2019 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.1 ...................... 164 
2019 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3 ...................... 164 
2019 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5 ...................... 164 
2019 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus ............................... 148 
2019 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1 ............. 148 
2019 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3 ............. 148

--- Page 1441 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1441 
 
2019 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5 ............. 148 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019) ................... 639, 696 
2020 CGMFL Base Prospectus ........................................ 182 
2020 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.5 ...................... 182 
2020 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.7 ...................... 182 
2020 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.8 ...................... 182 
2020 CGMHI Base Prospectus ........................................ 164 
2020 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5 ...................... 164 
2020 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.7 ...................... 164 
2020 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.8 ...................... 164 
2020 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus ............................... 148 
2020 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.4 ............. 148 
2020 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.6 ............. 148 
2020 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.7 ............. 149 
2021 CGMFL Base Prospectus ........................................ 182 
2021 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.1 ...................... 182 
2021 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.11 .................... 183 
2021 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3 ...................... 182 
2021 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.6 ...................... 182 
2021 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.7 ...................... 182 
2021 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.8 ...................... 183 
2021 CGMHI Base Prospectus ........................................ 164 
2021 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.1 ...................... 164 
2021 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.10 .................... 165 
2021 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3 ...................... 164 
2021 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.5 ...................... 164 
2021 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.6 ...................... 165 
2021 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.7 ...................... 165 
2021 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus ............................... 149 
2021 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.1 ............. 149 
2021 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.10 ........... 149 
2021 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3 ............. 149 
2021 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5 ............. 149 
2021 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.6 ............. 149 
2021 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.7 ............. 149 
2021 Definitions ............................................................... 117 
2022 CGMFL Base Prospectus ........................................ 183 
2022 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.11 .................... 183 
2022 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.3 ..................... 183 
2022 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.9 ..................... 183 
2022 CGMHI Base Prospectus ........................................ 165 
2022 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.11 .................... 165 
2022 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.3 ...................... 165 
2022 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.9 ...................... 165 
2022 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus ............................... 149 
2022 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.11 ........... 150 
2022 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3 ............. 149 
2022 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.9 ............. 150 
2023 CGMFL Base Prospectus ....................................... 183 
2023 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.2 ..................... 183 
2023 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.4 ..................... 183 
2023 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.6 ..................... 183 
2023 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.7 ..................... 183 
2023 CGMFL Rates BP Supplement No.8 ..................... 184 
2023 CGMHI Base Prospectus ........................................ 165 
2023 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.2 ...................... 165 
2023 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.4 ...................... 165 
2023 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.6 ...................... 166 
2023 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.7 ...................... 166 
2023 CGMHI Rates BP Supplement No.8 ...................... 166 
2023 Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus ............................... 150 
2023 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.2 ............. 150 
2023 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.3 ............. 150 
2023 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.5 ............. 150 
2023 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.6 ............. 150 
2023 Citigroup Inc. Rates BP Supplement No.7 ............. 150 
20-year Limitation Date ................................................... 799 
21 December 2015 Base Prospectus ................ 146, 162, 180 
30/360 ............................................................................... 908 
30E/360 ............................................................................ 909 
360/360 ............................................................................. 908 
5-year Limitation Date ..................................................... 799 
Abs .................................................................................... 935 
ACAn ........................................................................ 951, 952 
Accelerated or Matured .................................... 657, 707, 788 
Accrual Business Day ...................................................... 922 
Accrual Condition .................................................... 917, 919

--- Page 1442 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1442 
 
Accrual Condition 1 ......................................................... 917 
Accrual Condition 2 ......................................................... 917 
Accrual Condition 3 ......................................................... 917 
Accrual Cut-Off Date ....................................................... 922 
Accrual Day ...................................................................... 918 
Accrual Days .................................................................... 918 
Accrual Factor .................................................................. 917 
Accrual Rate ............................................................. 907, 916 
ACR .................................................................................. 944 
ACRn ................................................................................ 947 
Actual Coupon Amount ........................................... 951, 952 
Actual Coupon Rate ................................................. 944, 947 
Actual Interest Amount ............................................ 948, 949 
Actual/360 ........................................................................ 908 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ........................................................... 908 
Actual/365 (Sterling) ........................................................ 908 
Actual/Actual .................................................................... 908 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ..................................................... 907 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ...................................................... 908 
Additional Adjustment Event ........................................... 864 
Additional Early Redemption Event ................................ 864 
Additional Early Redemption Events .............................. 864 
Additional French Law Securities Requirements ............ 468 
Additional LPN ................................................................ 640 
Additional Obligation ....................................................... 640 
Additional Requirements ................................................. 466 
Additional Risk Event ...................................................... 640 
Additional Risk Event Start Date ..................................... 641 
Adj .................................................................................... 917 
Adjusted Interest Amount ........................................ 950, 951 
Adjusted Interest Rate ...................................................... 945 
Adjustment Event ............................................................. 864 
Adjustment Spread ........................................................... 967 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ..................................... 869 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions ................... 115 
AEOI ................................................................................. 397 
AEOI Act .......................................................................... 397 
Affected Reference Entity ................................................ 641 
Affiliate ............................................................................. 475 
Agents ............................................................................... 405 
Aggregate Default Count ................................................. 641 
Aggregate Loss Amount .................................................. 641 
Aggregate Outstanding Amount ...................................... 689 
Aggregate Recovery Amount .......................................... 642 
Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount ........................... 642 
Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount ................... 642 
AIA ........................................................................... 948, 949 
AIAn ......................................................................... 950, 951 
All Monies Guarantee ...................................................... 225 
Alternative Procedure Start Date ............................. 759, 777 
Amending Cooperation Directive .................................... 344 
AMF ................................................................................. 272 
Amortised Face Amount .................................................. 421 
Andorra ............................................................................. 286 
Andorran Financial Act .................................................... 286 
Andorran Financial Securities Act ................................... 286 
Annuity Rate 1 ................................................................. 938 
Annuity Rate 2 ................................................................. 938 
APMs ................................................................................ 235 
Applicable Auction .................................................. 642, 777 
Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms ........................................................................ 642, 777 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement .......... 643, 777 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement ... 643 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question ............................ 643 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal ........... 643 
Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement .... 644, 778 
applicable Final Terms ...................................................... viii 
applicable laws ................................................................. 696 
applicable Pricing Supplement ......................................... viii 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount .......................... 644 
Applicable Proportion .............................................. 644, 778 
Applicable Resolution .............................................. 645, 778 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms 646, 778 
Argentine Reference Entity.............................................. 646 
ART .................................................................................. 347 
Articles ............................................................................. 220 
ASIC ................................................................................. 286

--- Page 1443 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1443 
 
Asset ................................................................................. 646 
Asset Market Value .......................................................... 646 
Asset Package ........................................................... 516, 646 
Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount ...................... 608 
Asset Package Credit Event ............................................. 646 
Asset Package Delivery .................................................... 251 
Assignable Loan ............................................... 657, 707, 788 
ASX .................................................................................. 286 
ATAD ................................................................................. 45 
ATAD 2 .............................................................................. 45 
Attachment Point .............................................................. 646 
Auction ............................................................. 506, 646, 809 
Auction Cancellation Date ....................................... 647, 778 
Auction Final Price ................................................... 647, 779 
Auction Final Price Determination Date ................. 647, 779 
Auction Redemption Amount .................................. 647, 779 
Auction Redemption Amount Notice ...................... 647, 779 
Auction Redemption Date ........................................ 648, 779 
AUD ................................................................................. xxiv 
Australian dollars............................................................. xxiv 
Authorised Offeror(s) ..................................................... 1125 
Authorities .......................................................................... 44 
Auto Cap Note Provisions ................................................ 872 
Auto Floor Note Provisions ............................................. 872 
Auto Floor Notes ...................................................... 950, 951 
Average Blended Highest ................................................ 824 
Average Blended Market ................................................. 824 
Average Highest ....................................................... 735, 824 
Average Market ........................................................ 735, 824 
AY ............................................................. 422, 423, 702, 737 
bail-in option....................................................................... 44 
Band .................................................................................. 927 
Band Rate ......................................................................... 927 
Bank Rate ................................................................... 61, 118 
Banking Act ................................................................ 44, 298 
banking organisation ........................................................ 269 
Bankruptcy................................................................ 648, 779 
Barrier ............................................................................... 918 
Barrier 1 ............................................................................ 918 
Barrier 2 ............................................................................ 918 
Barrier 3 ............................................................................ 918 
Base Currency .................................................................. 844 
Base Index Figure .................................................... 875, 974 
Base Level ........................................................................ 481 
Base Listing Particulars ............................................ ix, 1219 
Base Prospectus ............................................... ii, ix, 984, 985 
Belgium ............................................................................ 325 
Benchmark ............................................................... 648, 869 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event ......... 648, 869 
Benchmarks Regulation .................................................... xiii 
Benchmarks Regulations ................................................... 62 
Beneficial Owner ............................................................. 270 
Beneficiary ....................................................................... 229 
Best of Amount ................................................................ 424 
Blended Highest ............................................................... 825 
Blended Market ................................................................ 825 
Board of Managers ........................................................... 220 
Bond ......................................................... 690, 706, 707, 804 
Bond Basis ........................................................................ 908 
Bond or Loan ............................................................ 690, 804 
Borrowed Money ............................................. 690, 706, 804 
BRL .................................................................................. 852 
Business Day .................................................................... 475 
Business Day Convention ................................................ 435 
Business Investors ............................................................ 343 
C(WUMP)O ..................................................................... 296 
C.F.R................................................................................. 475 
Calculation Agent............................................................. 405 
Calculation Agent Determination .................................... 849 
Calculation Amount ......................................................... 475 
Calculation Days .............................................................. 910 
Calculation Period (i) ....................................................... 423 
Calculation Period (t) ....................................................... 423 
Calculation/252 ................................................................ 910 
Cap ............................................................................ 950, 952 
Cap Amount ..................................................................... 952 
Cap Rate ........................................................................... 950 
Capital Market Act ........................................................... 291

--- Page 1444 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1444 
 
Capital Ratio ..................................................................... 649 
Caplets Number(n-1) ........................................................ 952 
Caplets Numbern .............................................................. 952 
Cash Redemption Amount ....................................... 649, 780 
Cash Redemption Amount Notice ........................... 649, 781 
Cash Redemption Date ..................................................... 649 
CBB ........................................................................ xxvii, 288 
CDI .................................................................. xi, 1122, 1351 
CDI Holders ...................................................................... 274 
CDIs .................................................................................. 274 
CEA ........................................................................... xiii, 280 
Central Bank ....................................................................... vii 
CEO .................................................................................. 209 
Certificate Balance ........................................................... 650 
CFTC ................................................................ xiii, 227, 865 
CGMFL ...................................................... iii, 219, 229, 404 
CGMFL 2022 Annual Report .......................................... 179 
CGMFL 2023 Annual Report .......................................... 179 
CGMFL Base Listing Particulars........................................ ix 
CGMFL Base Prospectus ............................................ ix, xxii 
CGMFL Deed of Covenant .............................................. 405 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee ....................................... xii, 405 
CGMFL Guarantor ...................................................... iii, 404 
CGMFL Guarantor 2022 Annual Report ......................... 179 
CGMHI ............................................................... iii, 213, 404 
CGMHI 2022 Annual Report ........................................... 162 
CGMHI 2023 Annual Report ........................................... 162 
CGMHI Base Listing Particulars ........................................ ix 
CGMHI Base Prospectus ............................................ ix, xxii 
CGMHI Deed of Covenant .............................................. 405 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee ........................................ xi, 405 
CGMHI Guarantor ...................................................... iii, 404 
CGMHI Rule 144A Deed Poll ........................................ xxvi 
CGML ......................................................... iii, 219, 226, 404 
CGML 2023 Annual Report ............................................ 179 
Chairman .......................................................................... 454 
Change in Law .................................................................. 864 
changed interest basis ....................................................... 107 
Changed Interest Basis ..................................................... 958 
Changed Interest Basis Period ......................................... 958 
CISA ................................................................................. 309 
CIT .................................................................................... 388 
CIT Law ........................................................................... 385 
CIT Regulations ............................................................... 388 
Citi ....................................................................... iii, 203, 213 
Citi Support Agreement ........................................... 205, 207 
Citicorp ..................................................................... 205, 207 
Citigroup .............................................................. iii, 203, 213 
Citigroup Base Inc. Listing Particulars ............................... ix 
Citigroup Inc. 2023 Form 10-K ....................... 146, 162, 179 
Citigroup Inc. 2024 Q1 Form 10-Q ................. 146, 162, 179 
Citigroup Inc. Base Listing Particulars ............................... ix 
Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus ................................... ix, xxii 
Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant ..................................... 405 
Citigroup Inc. Rule 144A Deed Poll............................... xxvi 
clearing agency ................................................................. 269 
clearing corporation ......................................................... 269 
Clearing Systems .............................................................. 269 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .......................................... xi, 408 
CMA ....................................................................... xxvii, 304 
CMB ................................................................................. 309 
CMF .................................................................................. 290 
CMS Interest Linked Note Provisions ............................. 871 
CMS Interest Linked Notes ............................................. 901 
CMS Interest Rate .................................................... 901, 907 
CMS Reference Rate ........................................................ 907 
CMS Reference Rate [1] ............................ 1017, 1153, 1379 
CMS Reference Rate 1 ..................................................... 907 
CMS Reference Rate 2 ....................... 907, 1017, 1153, 1379 
CMVM ............................................................................. 302 
CNBV ............................................................................... 299 
CNY ......................................................................... xxiv, 436 
CoCo Provision ................................................................ 650 
CoCo Reference Entity .................................................... 650 
Code ................................. 57, 279, 280, 439, 441, 983, 1218 
Collective Investment Fund Tax ...................................... 352 
Combined Prior Count ..................................................... 620 
Commission's Proposal .................................................... 398

--- Page 1445 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1445 
 
Commodity Exchange Act ............................................... 865 
Common Safekeeper ........................................................ 265 
Companies Act 1915 ........................................................ 219 
Company ........................................................................... 203 
Competent Authority .......................................................... vii 
component CDSs ........................................................ 99, 260 
Compounded Daily SOFR ............................................... 890 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation ............................ 781 
Conditions ....................................................... 404, 984, 1219 
Conditions to Settlement .................................................. 781 
Conforming Reference Obligation ................................... 650 
Consent Required Loan .................................... 658, 707, 788 
constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions ................... 837 
Contributable Assets................................................. 205, 207 
control ............................................................................... 475 
Corporate Manager ........................................................... 220 
Corrected Level ................................................................ 863 
Corrected Rate .................................................................. 903 
Correction Period ..................................................... 848, 864 
Corresponding Tenor ........................................................ 968 
covered entities ................................................................... 41 
Covered Instrument .......................................................... 475 
Covered Instruments .......................................................... 41 
CRD V .............................................................................. 126 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms ......... 650, 782 
Credit Derivatives Definitions ................................. 651, 782 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee ............... 651 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees .............. 782 
Credit Event .............................................................. 651, 782 
Credit Event Backstop Date ..................................... 651, 782 
Credit Event Notice .................................................. 652, 783 
Credit Event Redemption Amount .......................... 652, 783 
Credit Event Redemption Date ........................................ 652 
Credit Event Redemption Method ........................... 653, 784 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date ............ 492, 653, 784 
Credit Event Writedown Date .......................................... 653 
Credit Events .................................................................... 246 
Credit Linked Adjustment Event ..................................... 653 
Credit Linked Conditions ......................................... 542, 739 
Credit Linked Note ................................................... 653, 784 
Credit Linked Notes ........................................... vii, 542, 739 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount ...................... 654, 784 
CREST..................................................... xi, 274, 1122, 1351 
CREST Depository .......................................................... 274 
CREST International Manual .......................................... 275 
CREST International Settlement Links Service .............. 275 
CREST Manual ................................................................ 274 
CREST Nominee.............................................................. 274 
CREST Rules ................................................................... 275 
CRR .................................................................................. 654 
Currency Amount ..................................................... 654, 784 
Currency Disruption Event .............................................. 845 
Currency Pair .................................................................... 844 
Currency Rate ........................................................... 654, 784 
Currency Rate Source .............................................. 654, 784 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event .................... 849, 856 
Current Base Listing Particulars .................................... 1220 
Current Base Prospectus .......................................... 985, 986 
Current Interest Period ............................................. 951, 952 
CUSIP ....................................................................... 654, 784 
Custodian .......................................................................... 654 
Cut-off Date ...................................................................... 479 
Cut-off Valuation Date..................................................... 862 
CVM ................................................................................. 289 
d ........................................................................ 886, 888, 890 
d0 .............................................................................. 887, 890 
Day Count Fraction .......................................................... 907 
days accrued ..................................................................... 918 
days observed ................................................................... 918 
dc ...................................................................................... 893 
DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date .................... 654 
DC Credit Event Announcement ............................. 654, 784 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement ...................... 655 
DC Credit Event Question ............................................... 655 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal .............................. 655 
DC Member ........................................................................ 81 
DC No Credit Event Announcement ....................... 655, 785 
DC Resolution .......................................................... 655, 785

--- Page 1446 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1446 
 
DC Rules..................................................................... 81, 655 
DC Secretary .................................................................... 655 
DC Valuation Date ........................................................... 870 
DC-determined EDD ................................................ 591, 655 
DCDp ................................................................................ 910 
DCF........................................................................... 874, 875 
Dealer .................................................................................. vii 
Dealers ................................................................................ vii 
Dealership Agreement ...................................................... 278 
Decree No. 201 ................................................................. 358 
Decree No. 239 ................................................................. 351 
Decree No. 461 ................................................................. 351 
Decree No. 512 ................................................................. 355 
Deeds of Covenant ........................................................... 405 
Deeds of Guarantee .................................................... xii, 405 
Default Accrual Cut-Off Date .......................................... 922 
Default Requirement ................................................ 655, 785 
default right ....................................................................... 475 
Deliver ...................................................... 655, 656, 785, 786 
Deliverable Obligation ..................................................... 786 
Deliverable Obligation Category ............................. 657, 787 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics .................... 657, 787 
Deliverable Obligation Notice ........ 599, 609, 659, 754, 789 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions ........................... 660, 789 
Deliverable Obligation Terms .................................. 660, 789 
Deliverable Obligations .................................................... 506 
Delivered .................................................................. 656, 786 
Delivery .................................................................... 656, 786 
Delivery Date ............................................................ 660, 789 
Delivery Expenses .................................................... 660, 789 
Denomination Currency ................................. 870, 987, 1221 
derivative character .......................................................... 308 
Designated Maturity ..... 910, 1003, 1134, 1144, 1238, 1359, 
1371 
Determination Agent ........................................................ 910 
Determination Period ....................................................... 910 
DFSA ........................................................................ 293, 309 
DIFC Markets Rules ......................................................... 293 
Digital Band Interest Rate ................................................ 927 
Digital Band Note Provisions .......................................... 871 
Digital Band Notes ........................................................... 927 
Digital Interest Rate ......................................................... 925 
Digital Note Provisions .................................................... 871 
Digital Notes .................................................................... 925 
DIR Index ................................................................. 875, 974 
DIR Index Figure ..................................................... 875, 974 
DIR Index Ratio ....................................................... 875, 974 
DIR Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions ............... 871 
DIR Inflation Linked Interest Notes ................................ 479 
DIR Inflation Linked Notes ............................................. 479 
Direct Loan Participation ................................. 658, 707, 788 
Direct Participants ............................................................ 269 
Disbursing Agent ............................................................. 341 
Dispute .............................................................................. 473 
Disrupted Day .................................................. 485, 845, 852 
Disruption Event .............................................................. 850 
Disruption Fallback .......................................................... 850 
distributor ......................................................................... xxx 
Dodd Frank Act ................................................................ 204 
Domestic Currency .................................................. 660, 789 
Domestic Law .......................................................... 660, 790 
Dominican Securities Law ............................................... 293 
Double-Barrel Obligation Liability ................................. 808 
Downstream Affiliate ............................................... 660, 790 
DTC ..................................................................... xi, 265, 408 
DTC Notes ........................................................................ 269 
DTC Rules ........................................................................ 269 
DTCC ............................................................................... 269 
Dual Currency Exchange Rate ......................................... 870 
Dual Currency Note Provisions ....................................... 870 
Dual Currency Notes ........................................................ 870 
Dual Exchange Rate ......................................................... 846 
Due and Payable Amount ........................................ 660, 790 
Early Redemption Amount .............................................. 418 
Early Redemption Date .................................................... 425 
Early Redemption Event .................................................. 864 
Early Redemption Interest Amount ......................... 900, 970 
Early Redemption Put Notice .......................................... 419

--- Page 1447 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1447 
 
Ecuador Reference Entity ................................................ 660 
EEA ......................................................................... 980, 1215 
EEA Authorised Offeror ................................................... xiv 
EEA Authorised Offeror Terms ......................................... xv 
Effective Date ................................................................... 661 
EIN .................................................................................... 213 
Electronic Consent ........................................................... 450 
Electronic Page ................................................................. 865 
Eligible Index ................................................................... 840 
Eligible Information ......................................................... 661 
Eligible Swaption Index ................................................... 661 
Eligible Transferee ................................................... 661, 790 
Embedded Accrued Interest Amount ....................... 900, 970 
EMU ................................................................................. 479 
English Law Notes ...................................................... xi, 403 
ERISA .....................................................279, 280, 983, 1218 
ERISA Plans ..................................................................... 277 
ESMA ................................................................................ xiii 
ESMA Register ................................................................... 63 
ESRM ............................................................................... 127 
Established Rate ............................................................... 471 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ............................................... 62 
EU CRA Regulation ......................... xviii, 1115, 1116, 1117 
EU PRIIPs Regulation .................................... xxx, 980, 1215 
EU Prospectus Regulation.... 283, 297, 403, 980, 982, 1215, 
1217 
EUR ................................................................................. xxiv 
EUR Swap Rate ................................................................ 916 
euro .................................................................................. xxiv 
Euro .................................................................................. xxiv 
Euro MTF ............................................................................ ix 
Eurobond Basis ................................................................. 909 
Euroclear ......................................................xi, 408, 662, 791 
Euroclear Finland ....................................................... xii, 409 
Euroclear Finland Register ............................................... 413 
Euroclear Finland Registrar ............................................. 413 
Euroclear Finland Rules ................................................... 409 
Euroclear France ............................................................... 408 
Euroclear France Accountholder ....................... xii, 266, 410 
Euroclear Sweden....................................................... xii, 406 
Euronext Dublin ........................................................ viii, 462 
EuroTLX ................................................... ix, 407, 984, 1113 
Euro-zone ......................................................................... 475 
EUWA ........................................................... xviii, 284, 1217 
Event Currency ................................................................. 844 
Event Currency Jurisdiction ............................................. 844 
Event Determination Date.................................. 81, 662, 791 
Event of Default ....................................................... 443, 857 
Exchange Act .......................................... xxvi, 161, 178, 198 
Exchange Agent ............................................................... 405 
Exchange Bonds or Loans ....................................... 519, 729 
Exchange Event ................................................................ 267 
Exchange Rate .......................................................... 844, 850 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation ............................ 662, 794 
Excluded Obligation ................................................ 662, 794 
Exempt Notes ............................................................ viii, 403 
Exercise Amount .............................. 510, 593, 662, 750, 794 
Exercise Cut-off Date ....................................................... 794 
Exhaustion Point .............................................................. 662 
Expiry Date ...................................................................... 476 
Extended Maturity Date ........................................... 662, 795 
Extension Date ......................................................... 663, 796 
Failure to Pay ........................................................... 663, 796 
fair market value............................................................... 425 
Fair Market Value ............................................................ 425 
Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement ................................................................ 426 
Fallback Bond .................................................................. 479 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount ........................ 605, 761 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date ............................. 605, 761 
Fallback Discounting ....................................................... 696 
Fallback Redemption Method .......................................... 664 
FCA ......................................................................... xviii, 227 
FDIC .................................................................................. xix 
FEIN ................................................................................. 213 
FEMA ............................................................................... 296 
FIEA ................................................................................. 298 
Final Auction Redemption Amount ........................ 664, 797

--- Page 1448 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1448 
 
Final Auction Redemption Date .............................. 664, 797 
Final Cash Redemption Amount .............................. 664, 797 
Final Cash Redemption Date ................................... 665, 797 
Final Interest Period ......................................................... 949 
Final Interest Period End Date ......................................... 911 
Final LA Cash Redemption Amount ............................... 665 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date ..................................... 665 
Final Level ........................................................................ 671 
Final List ................................................................... 665, 797 
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date 614, 665, 765, 797 
Final Price ......................................................... 665, 671, 797 
Final Price Determination Date ................................ 597, 753 
Final Terms ....................................................................... 403 
Final Valuation Date ........................................................ 671 
Financial Services Act ............................................ 298, 1125 
Financial Transaction Type ...................................... 666, 797 
Finnish Notes ...................................................... xii, 406, 409 
Finnish Securities Issue and Paying Agent ...................... 413 
Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement ........................................................................ 407 
FinSA ...................................................... xvi, 308, 981, 1216 
FinSO ......................................................................... xvi, 308 
First Entity ........................................................................ 475 
First Fallback Electronic Page ......................................... 850 
First Fallback Rate Source ............................................... 850 
First Fallback Reference Price ......................................... 850 
First Fallback Reference Rate .......................................... 850 
First Fallback Valuation Time ......................................... 850 
First Obligation ................................................................. 691 
First Ranking .................................................................... 666 
First Ranking Interest ....................................................... 666 
Fiscal Agency Agreement ................................................ 404 
Fiscal Agent ...................................................................... 404 
Fitch .................................................................................. xvii 
Fixed Cap .......................................................................... 666 
Fixed Fee Amount ............................................................ 954 
Fixed Interest Rate .................................................... 877, 911 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions .............................................. 871 
Fixed Rate Notes .............................................................. 876 
Fixed Recovery Percentage ..................................... 666, 797 
Floating Interest Rate ....................................................... 911 
Floating Rate Note Provisions ......................................... 871 
Floating Rate Notes .......................................................... 878 
Floor ................................................................. 947, 949, 951 
Floor Amount ................................................................... 951 
Floor Rate ......................................................................... 949 
Floorlets Number(n-1) ..................................................... 951 
Floorlets Numbern ........................................................... 951 
Foreign Currency Notes ................................................... 383 
Forward Rate .................................................................... 904 
Forward Rate Reference Banks ....................................... 904 
FPI Regulations ................................................................ 297 
French Cleared Notes ....................................................... 408 
French Law Notes ............................................... xi, 403, 447 
French Law Securities Registration Agent ...................... 405 
French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent ................... 404 
FSMA ..................................................................... 284, 1217 
FTT ........................................................................... 329, 397 
Full Faith and Credit Component .................................... 808 
Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability ....................... 808 
Full Quotation .......................................................... 666, 798 
Fully Transferable Obligation .................................. 666, 798 
Fund .................................................................................. 352 
Funding Interest Amount ......................................... 550, 744 
Funding Interest Rate ............................................... 667, 798 
Further Subordinated Obligation ..................................... 667 
FX Adjusted Interest Rate ................................................ 943 
FX Performance ............................................................... 944 
FX Performance 1 ............................................................ 944 
FX Performance 2 ............................................................ 944 
FX Performance Note Provisions .................................... 872 
FX Performance Notes ..................................................... 943 
FX Performance Rate ....................................................... 944 
FX Performance Valuation Date ..................................... 945 
FX Performance Valuation Date 1 .................................. 945 
FX Performance Valuation Date 2 .................................. 945 
FX Rate ............................................................. 667, 844, 850 
FX Rate Condition ................................................... 844, 850

--- Page 1449 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1449 
 
FX Rate Notes .................................................................... vii 
FX Rate Set Date .............................................................. 667 
FX Rate Source ................................................................ 850 
GBP.................................................................................. xxiv 
GBP Swap Rate ................................................................ 916 
General Conditions ........................................................... 403 
General Fund Obligation Liability ................................... 808 
General Inconvertibility ................................................... 846 
General Meeting ............................................................... 447 
General Non-Transferability ............................................ 846 
Global Exchange Market ..................................................... ix 
Global Interest Cap Note Provisions ................................ 872 
Global Interest Cap Notes ................................................ 949 
Global Interest Floor Note Provisions ............................. 872 
Global Interest Floor Notes .............................................. 948 
Global Registered Note Certificate ............................. xi, 403 
Global Registered Note Certificates ................................ 265 
Governmental Authority .......................... 667, 798, 844, 853 
Governmental Authority Default ..................................... 846 
Governmental Intervention .............................................. 667 
Grace Period ............................................................. 668, 798 
Grace Period Business Day ...................................... 668, 799 
Grace Period Extension Date ................................... 668, 799 
Greece ............................................................................... 344 
Greek tax residents ........................................................... 345 
Green Bond Asset Portfolio ............................................. 127 
Green Bonds ..................................................... 211, 217, 224 
Group .................................................................................. 37 
G-SIBs ................................................................................ 41 
Guarantee .......................................................................... 669 
Guarantor ............................................................ iii, 229, 404 
Guarantors ................................................................... iii, 404 
Hedge Disruption Obligation ................... 601, 669, 757, 799 
hedging arrangements ...................................................... 459 
Hedging Disruption .......................................................... 865 
Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event ................. 865 
Hedging Party ................................................................... 866 
Hedging Position .............................................................. 866 
Hellenic Reference Entity ................................................ 669 
Helsinki Banking Day ...................................................... 435 
Hierarchy Provisions .......................................................... 60 
Highest ...................................................................... 735, 825 
HMRC .............................................................................. 319 
holder ........................................................................ 408, 409 
holder of Notes ......................................................... 267, 408 
Holding Notice ................................................................. 954 
Hungary Reference Entity................................................ 669 
Hypothetical FX Forward ................................................ 669 
Hypothetical Index Swaption Confirmation .................... 669 
Hypothetical Index Swaption Transaction ...................... 669 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Swap Confirmation ...... 840 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction ................... 840 
Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement ................... 670, 840 
Hypothetical Single Name Set ......................................... 841 
Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation .............. 841 
Hypothetical Single Name Transaction ........................... 841 
Hypothetical Skew Confirmation .................................... 841 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction ....................................... 841 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty ............................. 670, 842 
Hypothetical Swap Termination Value ........................... 842 
i ......................................................................... 887, 891, 938 
IAN ................................................................................... 670 
IGT ................................................................................... 387 
IIT ..................................................................................... 386 
IIT Law ............................................................................. 385 
IIT Regulations ................................................................. 386 
Illegality Event ................................................................. 417 
Illegality Event (Impossible Performance) ...................... 417 
Illegality Event (Possible Performance) .......................... 417 
Illiquidity .......................................................................... 846 
Implicit Portfolio Size ...................................................... 670 
Implied Forward Rate ...................................................... 904 
Income Tax Act ................................................................ 380 
Income Tax Law .............................................................. 331 
Inconvertibility Event....................................................... 670 
Increased Cost of Hedging ....................... 70, 72, 73, 74, 866 
Increased Cost of Index Event ......................................... 480 
Independent Auditors ....................................................... 209

--- Page 1450 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1450 
 
Index ................................................................................. 670 
Index Annex ..................................................................... 670 
Index Annex Date ............................................................. 671 
Index CDS .......................................................... 99, 260, 521 
Index Month A ................................................................. 875 
Index Month B .................................................................. 875 
Index Month X ................................................................. 974 
Index Month Y ................................................................. 975 
Index Parties ..................................................................... 521 
Index Publisher ................................................................. 671 
Index Skew Conditions .................................................... 836 
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount .......................... 842 
Index Skew Notes ....................................................... vii, 836 
Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount ............................................................................. 842 
Index Skew Position ................................................. 837, 843 
Index Sponsor ................................................... 479, 521, 671 
Index Swaption Cash Settlement Amount ....................... 671 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes ............................... 671 
Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount .................... 671 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount ........................... 672 
Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount ................... 672 
Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities ...... 624 
Index Tranched Redemption Amount ............................. 672 
Index Tranched Succession Reference Entity ................. 624 
Index Tranched Successor Entity ..................................... 624 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ........................... 672 
Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities .............................................................................. 622 
Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount .................... 623 
Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity .............. 622 
Index Untranched Successor Entity ................................. 623 
Indian Companies Act ...................................................... 296 
Indirect Noteholder ........................................................... 447 
Indirect Participants .......................................................... 269 
Inflation Index .................................................................. 479 
Inflation Rate Note Provisions ......................................... 870 
Inflation Rate Notes .................................................... vii, 479 
Initial Authorised Offeror(s) .......................................... 1125 
Initial Caplets Number ..................................................... 952 
Initial Floorlets Number ................................................... 951 
Initial FX Rate ........................................................ 988, 1222 
Initial Interest Basis .......................................................... 958 
Initial Interest Basis Period .............................................. 958 
Initial Reserve Period ....................................................... 947 
Instalment Amount ........................................................... 475 
Instalment Date ................................................................ 476 
Instalment Note ................................................................ 415 
Instrument Payments ........................................................ 673 
Insurance Distribution Directive ...................... xxx, 283, 980 
Insured Instrument ................................................... 673, 706 
Insured Obligor ........................................................ 673, 706 
interest .............................................................................. 442 
Interest ...................................................................... 666, 673 
Interest Amount ...... 873, 876, 878, 901, 905, 923, 926, 928, 
929, 930, 933, 937, 941, 943 
Interest Amount Inflation Index ...................................... 874 
Interest Basis Table .......................................................... 911 
Interest Commencement Date .......................................... 911 
Interest Determination Date ............................................. 911 
Interest Observation Date......................................... 918, 921 
Interest Participation Rate ................................ 874, 876, 912 
Interest Participation Rate (Previous Coupon Linked 
Interest Rate) .................................................................... 941 
Interest Participation Rate (SF Interest Rate) .................. 938 
Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) ........... 931 
Interest Participation Rate (Volatility Bond Interest 
Rate) ................................................................................. 935 
Interest Participation Rate 1 ............................................. 913 
Interest Participation Rate 2 ............................................. 913 
Interest Period .................................................................. 914 
Interest Period End Date .................................................. 914 
Interest Rate .............................................................. 877, 914 
Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount ............................. 549 
Interest Tax Deduction Amount ...................................... 673 
Intermediary ..................................................................... 352 
Internal Audit ................................................................... 209 
Interpolated Reference Rate ............................................. 968 
Inverse Fixed Rate ............................................................ 929 
Inverse Floating Interest Rate .......................................... 929

--- Page 1451 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1451 
 
Inverse Floating Rate Note Provisions ............................ 871 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes ............................................. 929 
Inverse Reference Rate ..................................................... 929 
Investor .............................................................................. xiv 
IPR ............................................................................ 874, 876 
IRAP ................................................................................. 351 
IRES .................................................................................. 351 
IRS ...................................................................................... 57 
ISARM.............................................................................. 292 
ISDA ................................................................................. 490 
ISIN ................................................................................... 263 
Israeli Qualified Investors ................................................ 297 
Israeli Securities Law ....................................................... 297 
Issue Date ......................................................................... 911 
Issue Terms ............................................ iii, ix, 404, 673, 799 
Issuer ............................................................................ iii, 404 
Issuer Business Day.................................................. 674, 799 
Issuers .................................................................................. iii 
Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption................................ 419 
Italian Listed Certificates ............................................ vi, 407 
IVAFE .............................................................................. 358 
Joint Potential Successor .................................................. 617 
Joint Relevant Obligation ................................................. 617 
JPY ................................................................................... xxiv 
JPY 10 
00 Swap Rate ............................................................... 916 
JPY 15 
00 Swap Rate ............................................................... 916 
KID ................................................................................... 302 
KPMG Luxembourg......................................................... 223 
KSA Regulations .............................................................. 304 
LA Cash Redemption Amount......................................... 674 
LA Cash Redemption Date .............................................. 674 
LA Cut-Off Date .............................................................. 674 
LA Interest Amount ......................................................... 674 
LA Physical Redemption Date ......................................... 675 
LA Recovery Amount ...................................................... 675 
LA Relevant Currency ..................................................... 676 
LA Settlement Assets ....................................................... 676 
LA Valuation Date ........................................................... 676 
LA Value Date ................................................................. 676 
Largest Asset Package ..................................................... 676 
Last Permitted Rate .................................................... 66, 967 
Latest Level .............................................................. 481, 482 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan .... 676, 720, 817 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date .......... 676, 799 
LBD .................................................................................. 914 
LCY Reference Amount .................................................. 677 
Legacy Reference Entity Count ....................................... 620 
Lev ............................................................................ 918, 938 
Liabilities .......................................................................... 229 
Limitation Date ........................................................ 677, 799 
Limited Recourse Obligations ......................................... 677 
Limited Recourse Provisions ........................................... 677 
Limited Shareholders ....................................................... 219 
Limited Shares.................................................................. 219 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes ................................. 677 
Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities ......... 621 
Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount .................. 621, 677 
Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity .................... 621 
Linear Basket Successor Entity ....................................... 621 
Listed ........................................................................ 692, 807 
Loan .......................................................................... 690, 805 
Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date .................... 604, 677 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes ...................... 678 
Local Access Basket Non-Succession Reference 
Entities .............................................................................. 628 
Local Access Basket Partial Nominal Amount ....... 628, 678 
Local Access Basket Succession Reference Entity ......... 628 
Local Access Basket Successor Entity .................... 628, 678 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes ............ 678 
Local Access Single Name Partial Nominal Amount .... 627, 
678 
Local Access Single Name Succession Reference 
Entity ................................................................................ 626 
Local Access Single Name Successor Entity .......... 627, 678 
Local Currency ................................................................. 863 
Local Jurisdiction ............................................................. 867 
Lock-in Barrier ................................................................. 959 
Lock-in Barrier n .............................................................. 960

--- Page 1452 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1452 
 
Lock-in Condition ............................................................ 958 
Lock-in Condition n ......................................................... 959 
Lock-in Date ..................................................................... 960 
Lock-in Determination Date ............................................ 960 
Lock-in Determination Disrupted Day ............................ 961 
lock-in event ..................................................................... 107 
Lock-in Event ................................................................... 961 
Lock-in Event n ................................................................ 961 
Lock-in Final Level .......................................................... 976 
Lock-in Performance ........................................................ 976 
Lock-in Redemption Barrier ............................................ 976 
Lock-in Reference Observation ....................................... 959 
Lock-in Reference Observation n .................................... 961 
Lock-in Specified Rate ..................................................... 959 
Lock-in Strike Level ......................................................... 976 
London Banking Day ....................................................... 914 
London Business Day....................................................... 906 
Loss Amount .................................................................... 678 
Loss Threshold Amount ................................................... 679 
Lower Range .................................................................... 918 
Lower Range 1 ................................................................. 918 
Lower Range 2 ................................................................. 918 
Lower Range 3 ................................................................. 919 
Lowest....................................................................... 735, 825 
LPN ................................................................................... 679 
LPN Issuer ........................................................................ 679 
LPN Reference Entity ...................................................... 679 
LPN Reference Obligation ............................................... 679 
LTD ................................................................................... 204 
M(M)R Restructuring ....................................................... 681 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount ........................... 961 
Mandatory Early Redemption Condition......................... 961 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date ................................. 962 
Mandatory Early Redemption Event ............................... 962 
Manifest Error Cut-off Date ............................................. 480 
Margin....................................................... 874, 875, 914, 975 
Margin (Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate) ............ 941 
Margin (SF Interest Rate) ................................................. 938 
Margin (Spread Interest Rate) .......................................... 931 
Margin (Volatility Bond Interest Rate)............................ 935 
Margin 1 ........................................................................... 914 
Margin 2 ........................................................................... 914 
Market ...................................................................... 735, 825 
Market Disruption Event .......................................... 679, 846 
Market Value ............................................ 606, 680, 762, 800 
Material Change in Circumstances .................................. 846 
maturity ............................................................................ 707 
Maturity Date ................................................................... 476 
Maturity Redemption Amount ................................. 680, 800 
max ................................................................................... 939 
Max ................................................................................... 919 
Maximum Interest Rate .................................................... 914 
Maximum Maturity .......................................... 658, 707, 789 
Maximum Redemption Amount .............................. 975, 976 
Maximum Reference Rate ............................................... 915 
MCAA .............................................................................. 397 
Member State ................................................................... 312 
MER Determination Date ................................................ 963 
Merger Event ............................................................ 681, 800 
Merger Redemption Amount ................................... 681, 800 
Mid-Market Swap Rate .................................................... 916 
MiFID II ......................................................... 282, 980, 1215 
MiFiD II Regulations ....................................................... 297 
MiFID Product Governance Rules .................................. xxx 
Min ........................................................................... 919, 931 
MinFin .............................................................................. 681 
Minimum Interest Rate .................................................... 915 
Minimum Redemption Amount ............................... 975, 976 
Minimum Reference Rate ................................................ 915 
Modified Eligible Transferee ................................... 681, 801 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date .. 682, 801 
MOIC ................................................................................ 288 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity ................................. 682 
Moody's ............................................................................ xvii 
Moral Obligation Liability ............................................... 809 
MoT ................................................................................... viii 
Movement Option .................................................... 682, 801 
Movement Option Cut-off Date ............................... 682, 801

--- Page 1453 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1453 
 
Multiple Holder Obligation ...................... 630, 682, 769, 801 
Multiplier .......................................................................... 931 
n ........................................................................................ 427 
National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation ......... 683 
National Bank of Hungary Obligation ............................. 682 
Nationalisation .................................................................. 847 
NBH Event of Default ...................................................... 683 
New Single Name Credit Linked Notes .......................... 567 
New York Federal Reserve's Website ............................. 892 
New York Law Notes .................................................. xi, 403 
New Zealand dollars ........................................................ xxiv 
Next Currency Fixing Time ..................................... 683, 802 
ni ............................................................................... 887, 891 
No Adjustment Determination ......................................... 966 
No Auction Announcement Date ............................. 683, 802 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation .......................... 684 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation ......... 684 
Non-Contingent Amount .................................... 84, 253, 695 
Non-Deliverable Asset Package....................................... 608 
Non-ERISA Arrangements .............................................. 277 
Non-Event Currency ........................................................ 845 
Non-exempt Offer .................................................... 283, 284 
Non-Financial Instrument ................................................ 684 
Non-Full Faith and Credit Component ............................ 808 
Non-Standard Event Determination Date ........................ 684 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date ............................... 687 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation ................................ 687 
Non-Transferable Instrument ........................................... 687 
Non-U.S. Holder ............................................................... 313 
Non-U.S. Issuer ................................................................ 313 
NOPS Amendment Notice ....................... 688, 689, 802, 803 
Not Bearer................................................................. 658, 789 
Not Contingent ................................................................. 787 
Not Domestic Currency ............................................ 692, 807 
Not Domestic Issuance ............................................. 692, 807 
Not Domestic Law ................................................... 692, 807 
Not Sovereign Lender .............................................. 692, 807 
Not Subordinated ...................................................... 691, 805 
Noteholder ................................................................ 267, 408 
Noteholders ...................................................................... 447 
Notes ........................................................................... 35, 403 
Notes Extension Date ............................................... 688, 802 
Notice Cut-Off Time ........................................................ 956 
Notice Delivery Date ....................................................... 688 
Notice Delivery Period............................................. 688, 802 
Notice of Physical Settlement .................................. 688, 803 
Notice of Physical Settlement Condition to 
Settlement ......................................................................... 803 
Notice of Publicly Available Information ............... 689, 804 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option ..................... 688, 802 
Notice-determined EDD .......................................... 591, 688 
NRIT ................................................................................. 385 
NRIT Law ........................................................................ 385 
NSS ................................................................................... 265 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes .................... 689 
Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities ........ 619 
Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount ................. 619, 690 
Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity ................... 619 
Nth-to-Default Successor Entity ...................................... 619 
Number of Basis Points ................................................... 954 
Number of Postponement Days ....................................... 855 
Number of Settlement Business Days ............................. 850 
obligation .......................................................................... 707 
Obligation ................................................................. 690, 804 
Obligation Acceleration ........................................... 693, 809 
Obligation Category ................................................. 690, 804 
Obligation Characteristics ........................................ 691, 805 
Obligation Currency ................................................. 693, 809 
Obligation Default .................................................... 693, 809 
Obligations ....................................................................... 490 
obligor............................................................................... 707 
Obligor Regulatory Event ................................................ 417 
Observation Look-Back Period ....................................... 891 
Observation Period ........................................................... 887 
OFAC ............................................................................... 694 
offer .......................................................................... 283, 284 
offer of Notes to the public ...................................... 283, 285 
Official List ....................................................................... viii

--- Page 1454 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1454 
 
Official Successor Rate ............................................ 848, 853 
OLA .................................................................................... 41 
Omnibus Accounts ........................................................... 368 
Option ............................................................................... 426 
Option Value .................................................................... 426 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount ..................... 694, 809 
Original Currency ..................................................... 848, 853 
Original Entity .................................................................. 466 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation ................. 694 
Original Obligation(s) ...................................................... 696 
Outstanding ....................................................................... 446 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount ............... 694, 809 
Outstanding Amount ................................ 689, 695, 803, 809 
Outstanding Nominal Amount ......................................... 695 
Outstanding Principal Balance ......................................... 695 
Owners .............................................................................. 270 
Ownership Restriction Event ........................................... 697 
p ........................................................................................ 891 
Package Observable Bond................................ 251, 516, 697 
Page ................................................................................... 915 
Parallel Auction ........................................................ 697, 809 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date .......................... 697, 809 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms .......................... 697, 809 
Partial Cash Redemption Amount ........................... 605, 761 
Partial Cash Redemption Date ................................. 605, 761 
Participants ....................................................................... 269 
Pay & Refund ................................................................... 375 
Paying Agents ................................................................... 404 
Payment .................................................................... 690, 805 
Payment Date.................................................................... 480 
Payment Day .................................................................... 434 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date ................. 613, 698, 764, 810 
Payment Failure Event Notice ................................. 613, 764 
Payment Requirement .............................................. 698, 810 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event .............................. 697, 810 
Payor ......................................................................... 347, 348 
Permissible Deliverable Obligation ......................... 698, 810 
Permitted Contingency ..................................................... 698 
Permitted Transfer ............................................................ 699 
Person ............................................................................... 464 
Personal Income Tax Act ................................................. 347 
Physical Redemption Assets .................................... 699, 811 
Physical Redemption Date ....................................... 699, 811 
Physical Settlement Matrix .............................. 491, 699, 811 
Physical Settlement Period ...................................... 699, 812 
PIT Act ............................................................................. 366 
Plans ................................................................................. 277 
PLN.................................................................................. xxiv 
Poland ............................................................................... 302 
Polish Admission ............................................................. 302 
Polish Zloty ..................................................................... xxiv 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes ......................... 700 
Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount ............... 700 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount ...................... 700 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount .............. 700 
Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities .............................................................................. 625 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount ........................ 701 
Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity ............ 625 
Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity ............................... 625 
Post Dismissal Additional Period .................................... 701 
Potential Failure to Pay ............................................ 701, 812 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium .......................... 701, 812 
PRA ............................................................................ 44, 227 
PRC................................................................................... 436 
Preceding Interest Period ................................................. 104 
Preceding Payment Date .................................................. 104 
Preference Shares ............................................................. 222 
Premium Accreted Amount ............................................. 701 
Premium Actual/Actual (ICMA) ..................................... 701 
Premium Amortised Face Amount .................................. 702 
Premium Calculation Period ............................................ 702 
Premium Determination Period ....................................... 703 
Premium Reference Price ................................................ 703 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate .................. 968 
Previous Coupon ...................................................... 104, 942 
Previous Coupon Linked Interest Rate .................... 103, 941 
Previous Coupon Linked Note Provisions ...................... 871

--- Page 1455 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1455 
 
Previous Coupon Linked Notes ....................................... 941 
Previous Coupon Linked Payment Date .......................... 941 
Previous Coupon Linked Period ...................................... 941 
Previous Coupon Reference Rate .................................... 942 
Price Materiality ....................................................... 847, 851 
Price Materiality Percentage .................................... 845, 851 
Price Source Disruption ........................................... 847, 851 
Pricing Supplement ................................................... viii, 403 
PRIIPs Regulation ............................................................ 302 
Primary Rate ............................................................. 845, 851 
PRIN ................................................................................. 704 
principal ............................................................................ 442 
Principal Amount ............................................................. 427 
Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) .............. 426 
Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption ........................................................................ 419 
Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity ..................... 426 
Principal Amount plus Option Value plus Option 
Value Accrued Interest (if any) at maturity with 
option for Fair Market Value at early redemption ........... 419 
Principal Tax Deduction Amount .................................... 703 
Principal Writedown Amount .......................................... 704 
Prior Deliverable Obligation ............................ 250, 516, 704 
Prior Reference Obligation .............................................. 692 
Private-side Loan .............................................................. 704 
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement .............................. 427 
Programme ........................................................................... ii 
Prohibited Action ............................................................. 704 
Prospectus Law ................................................................. 289 
Prospectus Regulation .......................................................... ii 
public offer ....................................................................... 308 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) ............................................ 1125 
Public Source ............................................................ 705, 812 
Publicly Available Information ................................ 705, 812 
Put Notice ......................................................................... 429 
QCB ............................................................................... xxviii 
QFC Stay Rules .................................................................. 41 
QFCA ............................................................................. xxviii 
QFCRA .......................................................................... xxviii 
QFCs ................................................................................... 41 
QFMA ........................................................................... xxviii 
QIB ........................................................................... 278, 412 
QIBs ..................................................xii, 265, 281, 983, 1218 
qualified financial contract ............................................... 475 
Qualified Index Securities ................................................ 315 
Qualified Indices .............................................................. 315 
qualified institutional buyer ............................................. 412 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee ................................ 705, 813 
Qualifying Guarantee ....................................... 705, 706, 813 
Qualifying Policy ............................................................. 706 
Quantum of the Claim ...................................................... 696 
Quotation .................................................. 607, 707, 762, 813 
Quotation Amount .................................... 606, 708, 761, 814 
Quotation Dealer ...................................................... 708, 814 
Quotation Method ............................................ 606, 708, 761 
Quote Currency ................................................................ 845 
r ......................................................................................... 427 
RA Cap ............................................................................. 919 
RA Factor ......................................................................... 917 
RA Floor ........................................................................... 919 
Range Accrual Note Provisions ....................................... 871 
Range Accrual Notes ....................................................... 916 
Range Accrual Table ........................................................ 925 
Rate ................................................................................... 485 
Rate 1 ........................................................................ 939, 942 
Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate .................................... 939 
Rate 1 Margin ................................................................... 939 
Rate 1 Participation Rate.................................................. 942 
Rate 2 ........................................................................ 939, 942 
Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate .................................... 939 
Rate 2 Margin ................................................................... 939 
Rate 2 Participation Rate.................................................. 943 
Rate Condition.................................................................. 485 
Rate Linked Notes .............................................................. vii 
Rate Table......................................................................... 915 
Rate X ............................................................................... 931 
Rate Y ............................................................................... 931 
Rate Z ............................................................................... 932

--- Page 1456 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1456 
 
RBA Bond Basis .............................................................. 910 
RCR .................................................................................. 947 
Real Estate Funds ............................................................. 352 
Realisation Disruption Event ........................................... 866 
Rebased Index .................................................................. 484 
Record Date ...................................................................... 431 
Recovery Amount ............................................................ 708 
Recovery Threshold Amount ........................................... 709 
Redeemed Notes ............................................................... 428 
Redemption Amount ........................................................ 415 
Redemption Participation Rate ................................ 975, 976 
Redemption Suspension Notice ............... 615, 709, 766, 814 
Redenomination Date ....................................................... 471 
Reference Assets .............................................................. 709 
Reference Assets Only Settlement ........................... 691, 711 
Reference Currency .......................................................... 915 
Reference Currency Business Day ................................... 851 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement ................ 711 
Reference Custodian ........................................................ 711 
Reference Entity ....................................................... 711, 814 
Reference Entity Count .................................................... 712 
Reference Entity Notional Amount ................................. 712 
Reference Entity Weighting ............................................. 712 
Reference Investor ............................................................ 712 
Reference Investor Assets ................................................ 713 
Reference Jurisdiction ...................................................... 713 
Reference Level ................................................................ 481 
Reference Month .............................................................. 480 
Reference Obligation ................................ 606, 713, 761, 814 
Reference Obligation Only .............................................. 691 
Reference Obligation Only Series.................................... 714 
Reference Obligations Only ............................................. 805 
Reference Observation ............................................. 919, 920 
Reference Observation 1 .................................................. 919 
Reference Observation 2 .................................................. 919 
Reference Observation 3 .................................................. 919 
Reference Observation Disrupted Day ............................ 922 
Reference Observation Table ........................................... 925 
Reference Rate.................................................. 915, 927, 971 
Reference Rate Event ....................................................... 968 
Reference Rate Event Provisions ..................................... 114 
Reference Rate Fallback Provision .................................. 974 
Reference Rate One ................................. 921, 933, 936, 940 
Reference Rate Ones ........................................................ 921 
Reference Rate Two ................................. 921, 933, 936, 940 
Reference Rate Twos ....................................................... 921 
Registered Note Certificates ....................................... xi, 403 
Registered Notes ......................................................... xi, 407 
Registrar ........................................................................... 404 
Regulation S .....................................xii, 265, 412, 982, 1218 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate .... 265, 412 
Regulatory Change Cost .................................................. 714 
Regulatory Change Event ................................................ 714 
Relevant Agent ................................................................. 868 
Relevant Agreements ....................................................... 474 
Relevant Business Day .................................................... 935 
Relevant City Business Day .................................... 715, 814 
Relevant Clearing System ................................ 409, 599, 755 
Relevant Credit Event .............................................. 715, 815 
Relevant Currency .......................................... 870, 987, 1221 
Relevant Date ................................... 439, 440, 442, 443, 870 
relevant Deed of Covenant............................................... 405 
Relevant Due Date ........................................................... 476 
Relevant Early Redemption Date .................................... 423 
relevant entity ..................................................................... 44 
Relevant Event Determination Date ........................ 715, 815 
Relevant Financial Centre ................................................ 915 
Relevant Guarantee .......................................................... 715 
Relevant Holder ............................................................... 715 
Relevant Interest Payment Date ....................................... 949 
Relevant Lock-in Percentage ........................................... 976 
Relevant Nominating Body ............................................. 969 
Relevant Number ................................. 888, 893, 1009, 1150 
Relevant Obligations ................................................ 715, 815 
Relevant Percentage ......................................................... 976 
Relevant Proportion ......................................................... 427 
Relevant Rate ................................................... 853, 912, 914 
Relevant Risk Event ......................................................... 716

--- Page 1457 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1457 
 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date ........................ 716 
Relevant Scheduled Payment Date .......... 849, 855, 863, 903 
Relevant Securities ........................................................... 359 
Relevant SF Rate .............................................................. 937 
Relevant SOFR Level....................................................... 891 
Relevant Spread Rate ....................................................... 931 
Relevant Swap Rate ......................................................... 915 
Relevant Time .................................................................. 916 
Relevant Volatility Bond Rate ......................................... 934 
Relibi Law ........................................................................ 321 
Remittance Exemption ..................................................... 371 
Renminbi ................................................................. xxiv, 436 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding 
Amount ..................................................................... 689, 803 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation ....................... 689, 803 
Replacement Reference Rate ........................................... 969 
Representative .................................................................. 448 
Representative Amount .................................................... 916 
Repudiation ....................................................................... 847 
Repudiation/Moratorium .......................................... 716, 815 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date .............. 716, 815 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition ....... 717, 815 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice ............. 717, 816 
Reserve Coupon Note Provisions .................................... 872 
Reserve Coupon Notes ..................................................... 945 
Reserve Coupon Rate ....................................................... 947 
Resolution ......................................................................... 447 
Resolve ............................................................. 717, 785, 816 
Resolved ................................................................... 717, 816 
Resolves .................................................................... 717, 816 
Restricted Debt ................................................................. 717 
Restructure Fee ................................................................. 954 
Restructure Interest Rate Note Provisions ....................... 872 
Restructure Interest Rate Notes ........................................ 953 
Restructure Rate ............................................................... 954 
Restructure Rate Acceptance ........................................... 953 
Restructure Rate Request ................................................. 955 
Restructure Rate Request Confirmation .......................... 953 
Restructure Rate Request Date ........................................ 953 
Restructure Rate Request Period ..................................... 955 
Restructure Rate Request Start Date ................................ 955 
Restructure Rate Telephone Quotation ............................ 953 
Restructured Bond or Loan ...................................... 718, 816 
Restructured Entity........................................................... 567 
Restructuring ............................................................ 718, 816 
Restructuring Date ................................................... 720, 817 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date .................. 720, 817 
Result ................................................................................ 927 
retail investor .................................................... xxx, 282, 284 
Revenue Obligation Liability ........................................... 809 
Revised Currency Rate............................................. 720, 818 
Revision Cut-off Date ...................................................... 480 
Risk Event ........................................................................ 720 
Risk Event Determination Date ....................................... 721 
Risk Event Determination Period .................................... 721 
Risk Event Notice ............................................................ 721 
Risk Event Redemption Method ...................................... 721 
Risk Events ................................................................. 95, 257 
RL Final Level ................................................................. 109 
RMB ........................................................................ xxiv, 436 
Rollerball Barrier.............................................................. 962 
Rollerball Determination Disrupted Day ......................... 964 
Rollerball MER Condition ............................................... 962 
Rollerball Reference Observation .................................... 962 
Rollerball Specified Rate ................................................. 963 
Royal Decree 1310/2005.................................................. 307 
Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 ..................................... 307 
RP ............................................................................. 422, 423 
RPN .................................................................................. 947 
RPR................................................................................... 976 
RRE Adjustments ............................................................. 966 
Rule 144A ........................................xii, 265, 412, 983, 1218 
Rule 144A Deed Polls ..................................................... xxvi 
Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate ....... 265, 412 
Rules ................................................................................. 818 
Russian QIs ..................................................................... xxix 
Russian Reference Entity ................................................. 722 
S&P................................................................................... xvii

--- Page 1458 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1458 
 
Saudi Investor ................................................................... 304 
SCA.......................................................................... xxix, 309 
SCA Resolutions .............................................................. 310 
SCDF Law ........................................................................ 331 
Schedule ............................................................................ 403 
Scheduled Determination Date ................................ 961, 964 
Scheduled Maturity Date .................................................. 476 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension ................................ 722 
Scheduled Observation Date ............................................ 922 
Scheduled Trading Day .................................... 485, 845, 852 
Schedules .......................................................................... 403 
SEBI .................................................................................. 297 
SEC ........................................................................... 146, 227 
Second Fallback Electronic Page ..................................... 851 
Second Fallback Rate Source ........................................... 851 
Second Fallback Reference Price ..................................... 851 
Second Fallback Reference Rate...................................... 851 
Second Fallback Valuation Time ..................................... 851 
Second Obligation ............................................................ 691 
Second Rate ...................................................................... 107 
Secondary Rate ......................................................... 845, 852 
Section 871(m) Event ....................................................... 867 
Securities Act ........................... xii, 279, 280, 412, 982, 1218 
SeDeX ................................................... ix, x, 407, 984, 1113 
Senior Level ...................................................................... 722 
Senior Non-Preferred Level ............................................. 722 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes ............................................. 722 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation ............................. 517, 722 
Senior Obligation ..................................................... 722, 806 
Senior Reference Entity ................................................... 722 
Seniority Level ................................................................. 722 
Series ......................................................................... 264, 406 
Services ............................................................................... vii 
Settled Entity .................................................................... 722 
Settled Entity Incurred Loss Amount .............................. 722 
Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount ...................... 722 
Settled Entity Loss Amount ............................................. 722 
Settled Entity Matrix ........................................................ 723 
Settled Entity Notional Amount ....................................... 723 
Settled Entity Recovery Amount ..................................... 723 
Settled Entity Weighting .................................................. 723 
Settlement Currency ....................................... 476, 987, 1221 
Settlement Currency Business Day ................................. 851 
Settlement Currency Jurisdiction ............................. 849, 855 
Settlement Currency Principal Amount ........................... 723 
Settlement/Custodial Event .............................................. 723 
SF Rate 1 .......................................................................... 939 
SF Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate ............................... 939 
SF Rate 1 Margin ............................................................. 939 
SF Rate 2 .......................................................................... 939 
SF Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate ............................... 939 
SF Rate 2 Margin ............................................................. 939 
SF Reference Rate ............................................................ 940 
SFA ........................................................................ xxxi, 1215 
SFIA Act...................................................................... xi, 266 
SFO ................................................................................... 295 
SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions .................................. 889 
SGRs ................................................................................. 352 
Shareholders ..................................................................... 219 
Shout Forward Rate(s) ..................................................... 934 
Shout Option Cut-off Time .............................................. 934 
Shout Option Date ............................................................ 934 
Shout Period ..................................................................... 935 
SIBA ................................................................................. 289 
SIMs ................................................................................. 352 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes ........................... 724, 739 
Single Name Partial Nominal Amount .... 618, 724, 768, 818 
Single Name Succession Reference Entity.............. 617, 767 
Single Name Successor Entity ......................... 618, 724, 818 
skew ............................................................................ 99, 260 
Slovak Securities Act ....................................................... 307 
SMV ................................................................................. 301 
Social Bonds ..................................................................... 211 
Social Finance Bonds ....................................................... 211 
SOFR ................................................................................ 892 
SOFR Fallback Provisions ............................................... 893 
SOFR Floating Rate ......................................................... 890 
SOFR Index ...................................................................... 893

--- Page 1459 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1459 
 
SOFR Index Floating Rate ............................................... 892 
SOFR IndexEnd ............................................................... 893 
SOFR IndexStart .............................................................. 893 
SOFR Observation Period ................................................ 892 
SOFR Reference Rate ...................................................... 892 
SOFRi ............................................................................... 891 
Sole Noteholder ................................................................ 953 
Sole Noteholder Contact .................................................. 955 
Sole Noteholder Notice Details ........................................ 955 
Solvency Capital Provisions ............................................ 724 
SONIA Compounded Index ............................................. 888 
SONIA Floating Rate ....................................................... 886 
SONIA Index Floating Rate ............................................. 888 
SONIAi ............................................................................. 887 
SONIAi-5LBD ................................................................. 887 
Sovereign .................................................................. 724, 818 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation ...... 724, 818 
Sovereign Succession Event ............................................ 724 
Special Exemption ............................................................ 371 
Specific Inconvertibility ................................................... 847 
Specific Non-Transferability ............................................ 847 
Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date ....................................... 922 
Specified Currency ................................................... 692, 807 
Specified DC Valuation Date ........................................... 870 
Specified ELIs .................................................................. 315 
Specified Financial Centre(s) ........................................... 845 
Specified FX Performance Valuation Date ..................... 945 
Specified Lock-in Determination Date ............................ 960 
Specified Lock-in Final Valuation Date .......................... 976 
Specified MER Determination Date ................................ 963 
Specified Number ..................................................... 724, 818 
Specified Rate ...................................... 926, 929, 1040, 1276 
Specified Rate 1 ............................................ 929, 1040, 1276 
Specified Rate 2 ............................................ 929, 1040, 1276 
Specified Time.................................................................. 916 
Specified Valuation Date ................................................. 867 
SPGRE ............................................................................. xviii 
SPGRUK ......................................................................... xviii 
spread ................................................................................ 109 
Spread Cap Margin .......................................................... 932 
Spread Interest Rate ......................................................... 931 
Spread Note Provisions .................................................... 871 
Spread Notes .................................................................... 931 
Spread Rate 1 ................................................................... 932 
Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate ........................ 932 
Spread Rate 1 Margin ...................................................... 932 
Spread Rate 2 ................................................................... 932 
Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate ........................ 932 
Spread Rate 2 Margin ...................................................... 932 
Spread Rate 3 ................................................................... 932 
Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate ........................ 932 
Spread Rate 3 Margin ...................................................... 932 
Spread Reference Rate ..................................................... 932 
SRO .................................................................................. 250 
SRO Rules ........................................................................ 250 
SRR..................................................................................... 44 
Stabilisation Manager(s) ................................................. xxiv 
Standard Event Determination Date ................................ 724 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date ....................................... 726 
Standard Reference Obligation ................................ 250, 726 
Standard Specified Currency ................................... 726, 819 
Steps Plan ......................................................................... 726 
Sterling ............................................................................ xxiv 
STLF ................................................................................. 388 
Stockholm Banking Day .................................................. 432 
Strike Level ...................................................................... 671 
Strike Price ....................................................................... 671 
sub unit ............................................................................. 476 
Subordinated Level .......................................................... 722 
Subordinated Obligation .......................................... 726, 806 
Subordinated Reference Entity ........................................ 726 
Subordination ........................................................... 691, 806 
Subsidiary ......................................................................... 464 
Substitute .......................................................................... 465 
Substitute Index Level ............................................. 480, 481 
Substitute or Successor Rate Event ................................. 973 
Substitute Reference Obligation .............................. 726, 819 
Substitution Date .............................................................. 727

--- Page 1460 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1460 
 
Substitution Event ............................................................ 727 
Substitution Event Date ............................................ 727, 819 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount ................. 727, 819 
succeeded .......................................................................... 729 
succession ......................................................................... 729 
Succession Date ................................................................ 729 
Succession Event Backstop Date ....................... 79, 249, 819 
Succession Event Notice .................................................. 820 
Succession Event Resolution Request Date .................... 820 
successor ........................................................................... 248 
Successor .................................................................. 727, 820 
Successor Backstop Date ................................... 79, 249, 729 
successor corporation ....................................................... 464 
Successor Currency .................................................. 848, 853 
Successor Index ................................................................ 483 
Successor Notice .............................................................. 729 
Successor Reference Entity .............................................. 839 
Successor Resolution Request Date ................................. 729 
Sum ................................................................................... 949 
SumAIA ............................................................................ 110 
Supplement [No. []] ..................................................... 1219 
Supplement [No.[]] ........................................................ 984 
Supplement [to the Base Listing Particulars] [No. [
]] ...................................................................................... 1219 
Supplement [to the Base Prospectus] [No. []] ............... 985 
Supplement [to the Current Base Listing Particulars] 
[No. []] .......................................................................... 1220 
Supplement [to the Current Base Prospectus] [No. [
]] ........................................................................................ 986 
Supplement No. [] ............................. 985, 986, 1219, 1220 
Supplement No.[] ........................................................... 984 
Supplements ........................................................... 984, 1219 
Supplements to the Base Listing Particulars.................. 1219 
Supplements to the Base Prospectus ................................ 985 
Supplements to the Current Base Listing Particulars .... 1220 
Supplements to the Current Base Prospectus .................. 986 
Surviving Reference Entity Count ................................... 620 
Swaption Adjustment Event ............................................. 729 
Swaption Buyer ................................................................ 730 
Swaption Disruption Event .............................................. 730 
Swaption Interest Amount ............................................... 730 
Swaption Interest Amount Payment Date ....................... 730 
Swaption Seller ................................................................ 730 
Swedish Agency Agreement ............................................ 406 
Swedish CSD Rules ......................................................... 406 
Swedish Notes ............................................................. xi, 406 
Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent ................ 406 
Swedish Securities Register ..................................... 266, 409 
Swiss Non-exempt Offer.................................................. 308 
Switcher Option ............................................................... 957 
Synthetic Forward Interest Rate ...................................... 937 
Synthetic Forward Rate Note Provisions......................... 871 
Synthetic Forward Rate Notes ......................................... 937 
T2 ...................................................................................... 475 
T2 Business Day .............................................................. 476 
T2 Settlement Day.................................................... 730, 821 
TAI ................................................................................... 950 
TARN MER Condition .................................................... 965 
Taxes................................................................................. 229 
Terms and Conditions ...................................................... 404 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation ....................................... 730 
TLAC .............................................................. 204, 982, 1217 
Total Actual Interest ......................................................... 950 
Total Reserve Coupon ...................................................... 948 
Trade Date ........................................................................ 867 
Trading Suspension or Limitation ................................... 847 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation ............................... 730 
Tranche ..................................................................... 264, 406 
Tranche Size ..................................................................... 730 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms ................... 730, 821 
Transaction Type ...................................................... 730, 822 
Transactions .................................................................... xxvi 
Transfer Agent.................................................................. 404 
Transferable .............................................................. 658, 789 
Transferable Deliverable Obligation Characteristics ...... 707 
TRC(A) ............................................................................. 947 
TRC(n-1) .......................................................................... 948 
TRCn ................................................................................ 948 
Treasury ............................................................................ 315

--- Page 1461 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1461 
 
Treaty ....................................................................... xxiv, 471 
Trigger Percentage ........................................................... 732 
TRRn-1 ............................................................................. 948 
TUIR ................................................................................. 351 
U.S. ................................................................................... 125 
U.S. dollars ...................................................................... xxiv 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day ...... 475, 893, 916 
U.S. Issuer ......................................................................... 314 
U.S. person ....................................................................... 412 
U.S. Special Resolution Regime ...................................... 474 
U.S. Special Resolution Regimes ...................................... 41 
U.S.$ ................................................................................ xxiv 
U.S.C................................................................................. 474 
UAE ......................................................................... xxix, 309 
UCL 12 + Relevant Months Prior .................................... 874 
UCL Relevant Months Prior ............................................ 874 
UK ................................................................... 732, 823, 1217 
UK Benchmarks Regulation .............................................. 62 
UK CRA Regulation ........................ xviii, 1115, 1116, 1118 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ............................ xxx 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ..................................................... xxx 
UK Prospectus Regulation ............................. xxx, 285, 1217 
UK Register ........................................................................ 63 
Ukraine Reference Entity ................................................. 732 
Unassignable Obligations ......................................... 603, 759 
Undeliverable Assets ................................................ 612, 732 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation ..................... 605, 760 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations.................... 732, 823 
Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount ................ 732 
Undeliverable Loan Obligations .............................. 603, 759 
Undeliverable Obligations ....................................... 602, 758 
Undeliverable Participations .................................... 604, 759 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation ........ 605, 732, 761, 823 
Underlying .................................................................... x, 867 
Underlying Closing Level ............... 480, 485, 845, 852, 867 
Underlying Finance Instrument ....................................... 732 
Underlying Level .............................................. 845, 852, 867 
Underlying Linked Notes ................................................... vii 
Underlying Loan ............................................................... 732 
Underlying Obligation ..................................................... 732 
Underlying Obligor .................................................. 732, 823 
Underlying Rate Fallback Provisions .............................. 971 
Underlying RMB Currency Event ................................... 437 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity ............................................ 437 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity (FX) ................................... 733 
Underlying RMB Inconvertibility ................................... 438 
Underlying RMB Non-Transferability ............................ 438 
Underlying Schedule ................................................ 403, 868 
Underlying Schedules ...................................................... 403 
Underlying Securities ....................................................... 315 
Universal Successor ................................... 79, 249, 728, 733 
Unlimited .......................................................................... 219 
Unlimited Share ............................................................... 219 
Unscheduled Holiday ....................................................... 852 
Unwind Costs ........................................................... 733, 823 
Upper Range ..................................................................... 919 
Upper Range 1 .................................................................. 919 
Upper Range 2 .................................................................. 919 
Upper Range 3 .................................................................. 919 
USBD ....................................................................... 893, 916 
USBDx ............................................................................. 892 
USD .......................................................................... 849, 852 
USD SOFR Swap Rate .................................................... 916 
V% .................................................................................... 932 
Valid Restructure Rate Request Business Day ................ 955 
Valuation and Settlement Condition ................................ 859 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions .............................. 859 
Valuation Date.................................. 606, 733, 761, 823, 868 
Valuation Method..................................... 606, 734, 761, 824 
Valuation Obligation ................................................ 735, 825 
Valuation Obligations ...................................................... 505 
Valuation Postponement .................................................. 852 
Valuation Roll .................................................................. 868 
Valuation Time ......................... 485, 606, 735, 762, 825, 868 
Venezuela Reference Entity ............................................. 735 
Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity ............................ 735 
Venezuelan Order............................................................. 736 
Volatility Bond Interest Rate ........................................... 934

--- Page 1462 ---
Index of Defined Terms 
 
1462 
 
Volatility Bond Note Provisions ...................................... 871 
Volatility Bond Notes ....................................................... 934 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 ...................................................... 936 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate .......... 936 
Volatility Bond Rate 1 Margin ......................................... 936 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 ...................................................... 936 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate .......... 936 
Volatility Bond Rate 2 Margin ......................................... 936 
Volatility Bond Reference Rate ....................................... 936 
voting power ..................................................................... 465 
Voting Shares ........................................................... 736, 825 
Weighted Average Final Price ......................................... 736 
White List ......................................................................... 355 
Written Decision ............................................................... 447 
Written Decision Date ...................................................... 450 
x ........................................................................ 702, 888, 939 
y ................................................................ 422, 423, 889, 939 
Yen ................................................................................... xxiv 
your currency ...................................................................... 49 
z ......................................................................................... 737 
ZCRP ................................................................................ 738 
Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA) ............................... 424 
Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA) ............................... 422 
Zero Coupon Actual/Actual (ICMA) ............................... 736 
Zero Coupon Amortised Face Amount ............................ 736 
Zero Coupon Calculation Period ..................................... 424 
Zero Coupon Calculation Period ..................................... 423 
Zero Coupon Calculation Period ..................................... 737 
Zero Coupon Determination Period ................. 423, 424, 738 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions .......................................... 872 
Zero Coupon Notes .......................................................... 876 
Zero Coupon Percentage .................................................. 738 
Zero Coupon Redemption Percentage ............................. 738 
Zero Coupon Reference Price .......................................... 738

--- Page 1463 ---
Names, Addresses and Roles 
 
 
 
SECTION J – NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
 
THE ISSUERS 
Citigroup Inc. 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
Registered Office: 
31, Z.A. Bourmicht 
L-8070 Bertrange 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
THE GUARANTOR IN RESPECT OF NOTES ISSUED BY CITIGROUP GLOBAL 
MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
Citigroup Inc. 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
THE GUARANTOR IN RESPECT OF NOTES ISSUED BY CITIGROUP GLOBAL 
MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Registered Office: 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS TO CITIGROUP INC. AND CGMHI 
KPMG LLP 
345 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10154 
United States

--- Page 1464 ---
Names, Addresses and Roles 
 
 
 
AUDITORS TO CGMFL 
KPMG Luxembourg, Société coopérative 
39, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
AUDITORS TO THE CGMFL GUARANTOR 
KPMG LLP 
15 Canada Square 
London E14 5GL 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AGENT AND FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, EXCHANGE 
AGENT AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) CALCULATION 
AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom 
TRANSFER AGENT AND FRENCH SECURITIES ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe plc (Germany Branch) 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 1465 ---
Names, Addresses and Roles 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO ENGLISH LAW 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO ITALIAN LAW 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milano 
Italy 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO UNITED STATES LAW 
Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 
450 Lexington Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
United States 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO LUXEMBOURG LAW 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
Société en commandite  
simple (inscrite au barreau de Luxembourg) 
5 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 1466 ---
Names, Addresses and Roles 
 
 
 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
390 Greenwich Street, 3rd Floor 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
UKO2: 2008403203.9