--- Page 1 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
- 1 - 
 
 
Structured Note Programme Base Prospectus dated 4 February 2022 
 
 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
(a corporation duly incorporated and existing under the laws of the State of New York) 
 
the issuer under the 
Citi U.S.$10,000,000,000 Global Structured Note Programme 
 
Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by 
CITIGROUP INC. 
(incorporated in Delaware) 
Under the Citi U.S.$10,000,000,000 Global Structured Note Programme (the Programme) described in this 
Base Prospectus, Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. (CGMHI or the Issuer) may from time to time issue 
Notes, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives. The aggregate principal amount 
of securities outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed U.S.$10,000,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in other currencies), subject to any increase or decrease described herein.   
The payment and delivery of all amounts due in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by Citigroup Inc. (the CGMHI Guarantor) pursuant to a deed of guarantee dated 24 March 2016 
(such deed of guarantee as amended and/or supplemented and/or replaced from time to time, the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee) executed by the CGMHI Guarantor. 
The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor have a right of substitution as set out in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes set out herein. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to Citigroup Global Markets Limited and/or Citigroup Global 
Markets Inc. and/or Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG and/or any additional dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers) which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. In relation to each issue of Notes, the Dealer(s) will be specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below). However, the Issuer reserves the right to sell Notes directly 
on its own behalf to other entities, in accordance with all applicable rules and regulations. Notes may be resold 
at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the Issuer 
or the relevant Dealer. Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealer(s), acting as agent of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to this Base Prospectus, Notes may be issued whose return is linked to the credit of one or more 
specified entities (Credit Linked Notes) or other securities or item(s) (together, Underlying Linked Notes), 
as more fully described herein. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (as 
amended or superseded, the EU Benchmarks Regulation). In this case, a statement will be included in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes which are not Exempt Notes (as defined below) as to whether 
or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may 
apply such that the administrator of a particular "benchmark" is not required to be included in the register of 
administrators at the date of the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 2 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
- 2 - 
 
 
Notes may provide that settlement will be by way of cash settlement (Cash Settled Notes) or physical delivery 
(Physical Delivery Notes) as provided in the Terms and Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the relevant 
Terms and Conditions set out herein, in which event, a supplement to this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, 
which describes the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes, will be made available. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central 
Bank), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The Central 
Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank should not be considered 
an endorsement of the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes 
Such approval relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) 
or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, 
MIFID II). However, there can be no assurance that such applications will be approved or that, if approved, 
any such approval will be given within a specified timeframe. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin 
for the Notes issued during the period of twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted 
to its official list (the Official List) and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. An electronic copy 
of this Base Prospectus will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the EEA).  The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Each Tranche is either subject to a Final Terms document (the Final Terms, and references to the applicable 
Final Terms shall be construed accordingly) or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement (the 
Pricing Supplement, and references to the applicable Pricing Supplement shall be construed accordingly). 
References herein to Issue Terms mean either (i) where the Notes are not Exempt Notes, the applicable Final 
Terms or (ii) where the Notes are Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references should be 
construed accordingly. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes 
are intended to be admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market and are intended to be listed 
on the Official List of Euronext Dublin. As specified in the applicable Final Terms, an issue of Notes may be 
listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on Euronext Dublin and/or any other regulated market for the 
purposes of MIFID II, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. As specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, an issue of Notes may or may not be listed or admitted to trading, as the case 
may be, on the Global Exchange Market (as defined below) and/or any other stock exchange or market that is 
not a regulated market for the purpose of MIFID II, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.

--- Page 3 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
- 3 - 
 
 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the approval of this Base Prospectus as Base Listing 
Particulars (the Base Listing Particulars). Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
during the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing Particulars to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the global exchange market (the Global Exchange Market) which is the exchange regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin. The Global Exchange Market is not a regulated market for the purposes of MIFID II. Save 
where expressly provided or the context otherwise requires, where Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
Global Exchange Market, references herein to "Base Prospectus" shall be construed to be to "Base Listing 
Particulars". 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the official list or to trading on 
the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the Global Exchange 
Market of Euronext Dublin. 
The Issue Terms will specify with respect to the issue of Notes to which it relates, inter alia, the specific 
designation of the Notes, the aggregate principal amount and type of the Notes, the date of issue of the Notes, 
the issue price, the relevant interest provisions (if any), and the redemption amount of the Notes and, as 
relevant, the underlying credit of one or more specified entities or other item(s) (each an Underlying) to which 
the Notes relate and certain other terms relating to the offering and sale of such Notes. The applicable Final 
Terms completes the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Notes. The applicable Pricing Supplement 
supplements the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Notes and may specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Terms and Conditions of the relevant 
Notes, supplement, replace and/or modify such Terms and Conditions. In respect of Notes to be listed on 
Euronext Dublin, the Issue Terms will be delivered to Euronext Dublin on or before the date of issue of the 
Notes of that Tranche. The issue price and amount of the Notes of any Tranche will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue of such Tranche in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
AN ISSUE OF NOTES MAY BE OF A SPECIALIST NATURE AND SHOULD ONLY BE BOUGHT 
AND TRADED BY INVESTORS WHO ARE PARTICULARLY KNOWLEDGEABLE IN 
INVESTMENT MATTERS. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES SHOULD ENSURE THAT 
THEY UNDERSTAND THE NATURE OF THE RELEVANT NOTES AND THE EXTENT OF 
THEIR EXPOSURE TO RISKS AND THAT THEY CONSIDER THE SUITABILITY OF THE 
RELEVANT NOTES AS AN INVESTMENT IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN CIRCUMSTANCES AND 
FINANCIAL CONDITION. IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS TO 
ENSURE THAT THEY HAVE SUFFICIENT KNOWLEDGE, EXPERIENCE AND PROFESSIONAL 
ADVICE TO MAKE THEIR OWN LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, ACCOUNTING AND OTHER 
BUSINESS EVALUATION OF THE MERITS AND RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE NOTES AND 
ARE NOT RELYING ON THE ADVICE OF THE ISSUER, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR OR ANY 
DEALER IN SUCH REGARD. NOTES MAY INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK, INCLUDING 
THE PRINCIPAL NOT BEING PROTECTED. POTENTIAL INVESTORS MAY SUSTAIN A LOSS 
OF ALL OR PART OF THEIR INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES. SEE "RISK FACTORS" SET OUT 
HEREIN. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued in registered form and will be represented by registered note certificates 
(Registered Note Certificates), one Registered Note Certificate being issued in respect of each holder's entire 
holding of Notes of one Series. Notes which are held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or the 
Depository Trust Company (DTC), as the case may be, will be represented by a global Registered Note 
Certificate (a Global Registered Note Certificate) registered in the name of a nominee for either Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, and the Global Registered Note Certificate will be 
delivered to the appropriate depositary, common safekeeper or custodian, as the case may be. Interests in a 
Global Registered Note Certificate will be exchangeable for definitive Registered Note Certificates as 
described under "Form of the Notes" set out herein.

--- Page 4 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
- 4 - 
 
 
In addition, indirect interests in Notes may be delivered, held and settled via the CREST Depository Interest 
mechanism in Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited. 
Neither the Notes nor the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee have been nor will be registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or with any securities regulatory authority 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Notes may be offered and sold either outside of 
the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation 
S) or within the United States to "qualified institutional buyers" (QIBs) in transactions exempt from 
registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A). 
Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (as defined in Regulation S) other than to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A. For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions". Any purchaser of Notes that is a registered U.S. investment company should 
consult its own counsel regarding the applicability of Section 12(d) and Section 17 of the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 and the rules promulgated thereunder to its purchase of Notes and should reach 
an independent conclusion with respect to the issues involved in such purchase. 
The Notes, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, any Asset Amount and any LA Settlement Asset do not constitute, 
and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject 
to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the CEA), and trading in the Notes has not been 
approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC) pursuant to the CEA. 
The Notes may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and 
holding of the Notes is made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to 
Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a plan, 
individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or an employee benefit plan or plan subject to any laws, rules or 
regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.  
CGMHI has a long term/short term senior debt rating of BBB+/A-2 by Standard & Poor's Financial Services 
LLC (S&P), A3/P-2 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. (Moody's) and A+/F1 by Fitch Ratings, Inc. (Fitch). 
Citigroup Inc. has a long term/short term senior debt rating of BBB+/A-2 by S&P, A3/P-2 by Moody's and 
A/F1 by Fitch. The rating of a certain Tranche of Notes may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms.    
S&P is not established in the EEA and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended or superseded) (the CRA Regulation). The S&P ratings have been endorsed by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (SPGRE). SPGRE is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. As such, SPGRE is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Market Authority (ESMA) on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that ratings issued in the 
United States of America which have been endorsed by SPGRE may be used in the EEA by the relevant market 
participants. S&P is not established in the United Kingdom. Accordingly the CGMHI and Citigroup Inc. 
ratings have each been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK 
CRA Regulation) and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
Moody's is not established in the EEA and has not applied for registration under the CRA Regulation. The 
Moody's ratings have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website 
(at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. ESMA has indicated that ratings issued in the United States of America which have been endorsed 
by Moody's Deutschland GmbH may be used in the EEA by the relevant market participants. Moody's is not

--- Page 5 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
- 5 - 
 
 
established in the United Kingdom. Accordingly the CGMHI and Citigroup Inc. ratings have each been 
endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not 
been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by Moody's may be used for regulatory purposes in the United 
Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Fitch is not established in the EEA and has not applied for registration under the CRA Regulation. The Fitch 
ratings have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation. ESMA has indicated that ratings issued in the United States of America which have been endorsed 
by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited may be used in the EEA by the relevant market participants. Fitch is not 
established in the United Kingdom. Accordingly the CGMHI and Citigroup Inc. ratings have each been 
endorsed by Fitch Ratings Limited in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. 
As such, the ratings issued by Fitch may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
The Notes and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee constitute unconditional liabilities of CGMHI and the CGMHI 
Guarantor respectively. Neither the Notes nor the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee is insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other deposit protection insurance scheme. 
Arranger of the Programme 
Citigroup 
Dealers 
Citigroup

--- Page 6 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
- 6 - 
 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) this Base Prospectus and (ii) the Issue 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely 
to affect the import of such information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with the second 
paragraph under the heading "Book Entry Clearance Systems" in Section E.5 below. 
The CGMHI Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus (including 
the information relating to the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee but excluding the information set out under the 
heading "Description of the Issuer"). To the best of the knowledge of the CGMHI Guarantor, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus (excluding the information set out under the heading "Description of the 
Issuer") is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with the second paragraph under the heading 
"Book Entry Clearance Systems" in Section E.5 below. 
Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Pricing Supplement, any information contained therein 
relating to the Underlying(s) will only consist of extracts from, or summaries of, information contained in 
financial and other information released publicly by each entity that is such Underlying or, as the case may 
be, is the issuer, owner or sponsor of such Underlying(s). Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor accept responsibility for accurately reproducing 
such extracts or summaries and, as far as the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor are aware and are able to 
ascertain from information published by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such 
Underlying(s), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
This Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated by reference 
in it (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the 
basis that those documents are incorporated into and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs 
of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
position of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if 
different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 7 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
- 7 - 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been 
taken by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there 
are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States 
of America, the EEA, the United Kingdom, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s 
Republic of China (Hong Kong), India, Ireland, Japan, Singapore, Switzerland, Taiwan and Thailand. See 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions for Notes". 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a denomination 
of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) only in circumstances where there is an 
exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. As a result, any offer 
of Notes in any Member State of the EEA must be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making 
or intending to make an offer of Notes in any such Member State may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do 
they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The price and principal amount of Notes will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time 
of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the 
Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the 
accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements or other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or any Notes are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
should not be considered as a recommendation or a statement of opinion, or a report of either of those things, 
by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
other financial statements or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
should purchase any Notes. Each potential purchaser of any Notes should determine for itself the relevance of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of any Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. Each potential purchaser is authorised to use this Base Prospectus solely 
for the purpose of considering the purchase of Notes described in this Base Prospectus; any other usage of 
this Base Prospectus is unauthorised. None of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in any Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealers.

--- Page 8 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
- 8 - 
 
 
For convenience, the website addresses of certain third parties have been provided in this Base Prospectus. 
Except as expressly set forth in this Base Prospectus, no information in such websites should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus, the Central Bank has not scrutinised or approved the 
information contained in such websites and none of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and any Dealer takes 
responsibility for the information contained in such websites. 
In connection with any Tranche (as defined in section E.3 below), one or more of the Dealers may act as 
stabilisation manager(s) (the Stabilisation Manager(s)). The identity of the Stabilisation Manager(s), if any, 
will be disclosed in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Issue Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules. 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to Euro, euro 
or € are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and 
Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended (the Treaty), 
references to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ are to the currency of the United States of America, references to Yen 
are to the currency of Japan, references to Sterling are to the currency of the United Kingdom and references 
to Renminbi, RMB and CNY are to the currency of the People's Republic of China (PRC). All references to 
the PRC are to the People's Republic of China excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the 
People's Republic of China (Hong Kong), the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic 
of China and Taiwan. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is 
a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. 
None of the Notes has been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor 
have the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary 
is unlawful. The Notes do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity 
for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as 
amended, and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the CFTC pursuant to the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act, as amended.

--- Page 9 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
- 9 - 
 
 
None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and any Dealer makes any representation to any investor in 
any Notes regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in any Notes 
should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in such Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – Notes issued under the Programme are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or 
superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Serivces and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation 
MiFID II product governance – A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about 
whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise (unless agreed with the Issuer) neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance – A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about 
whether, for the purpose of the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise (unless agreed with the Issuer) neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO SWISS PRIVATE CLIENTS 
The Notes are not intended to be, and may not be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning 
of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the FinSA). For these purposes, a private client means a person who is 
not a professional client under Articles 4 and 5 FinSA. Consequently, no prospectus or key information 
document according to FinSA or any equivalent document under FinSA has been or will be prepared in relation 
to the Notes. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital 
markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures

--- Page 10 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
- 10 - 
 
 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04 N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted in the United States to a limited number of QIBs only for 
informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of the Notes being offered 
hereby. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorised. It may not be copied or 
reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other 
than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only if the applicable Issue Terms specify that 
they are being offered in reliance on Rule 144A and then only to QIBs in transactions exempt from 
registration under the Securities Act. Each U.S. purchaser of Notes is hereby notified that the offer and 
sale of any Notes to it is being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A) and one or more 
exemptions and/or exclusions from regulation under the CEA. 
Each purchaser or holder of Notes will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Notes, to 
have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of 
such Notes as set out in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Unless otherwise 
stated, terms used in this "U.S. Information" section have the meanings given to them in "Form of the 
Notes". 
Any tax discussion herein was written to support the promotion or marketing of the Notes to be issued 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus. Each taxpayer should seek advice based on the taxpayer's particular 
circumstances from an independent tax advisor. 
Notwithstanding any limitation on disclosure by any party provided for herein, or any other provision of this 
Base Prospectus and its contents or any associated Issue Terms, and effective from the date of commencement 
of any discussions concerning any of the transactions contemplated herein (the Transactions), any party (and 
each employee, representative, or other agent of any party) may disclose to any and all persons, without 
limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the Transactions and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to it relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, 
except to the extent that any such disclosure could reasonably be expected to cause this Base Prospectus, any 
associated Issue Terms, or any offering of Notes thereunder not to be in compliance with securities laws. For 
purposes of this paragraph, the tax treatment of the Transactions is the purported or claimed U.S. federal 
income tax treatment of the Transactions, and the tax structure of the Transactions is any fact that may be 
relevant to understanding the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Transactions. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor have undertaken in a deed poll dated 8 February 2019 (the Rule 
144A Deed Poll) to furnish, upon the request of a holder of any Notes offered and sold in reliance on 
Rule 144A or any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by 
them, the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the 
time of the request, the CGMHI Guarantor is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of 
the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), nor exempt from reporting 
pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder.

--- Page 11 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
- 11 - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
SECTION A – RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................... A-1 
SECTION B – INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS ..................................................................... B-1 
SECTION C – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR 
INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS ........................................................................ C-1 
SECTION C.1 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................. C-2 
SECTION C.2 – DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION ..................................... C-11 
SECTION C.3 – SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................... C-12 
SECTION D – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE CGMHI 
GUARANTOR ............................................................................................................ D-1 
SECTION D.1 – DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ................................................................ D-2 
SECTION D.2 – DESCRIPTION OF THE CGMHI GUARANTOR ....................................... D-8 
SECTION D.3 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. ... D-14 
SECTION E – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
NOTES ......................................................................................................................... E-1 
SECTION E.1 – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................. E-2 
SECTION E.2 – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF NOTES 
UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................ E-3 
SECTION E.3 – ISSUE OF NOTES .......................................................................................... E-4 
SECTION E.4 – FORM OF THE NOTES ................................................................................. E-5 
SECTION E.5 – BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS .................................................... E-8 
SECTION E.6 – CERTAIN BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR CONSIDERATIONS ................. E-14 
SECTION E.7 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS ........................................................................................... E-15 
SECTION E.8 – TAXATION OF NOTES ............................................................................... E-26 
SECTION F – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ...................................................... F-1 
SECTION F.1 – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................ F-2 
SECTION F.2 – SCHEDULES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ... F-28 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS ........... F-29 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 
DEFINITIONS) ............................................................................................. F-92 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE ................................... F-165 
SECTION F.3 – PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS ................................................................... F-200 
SECTION F.4 – PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................... F-232 
SECTION G – NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES ................................................................... G-1

--- Page 12 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-1 
 
 
SECTION A – RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor, may become 
insolvent or otherwise be unable to satisfy their obligations in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of 
factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor becoming 
unable to satisfy their obligations in respect of the Notes. The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor may not 
be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they currently deem not to be material may become 
material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's and the CGMHI Guarantor's control. 
The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which 
could materially adversely affect their businesses and ability to make payments due under, or to deliver 
assets on or in connection with, the Notes.  
Each of the risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes and, as a result, 
investors could lose some or all of their investment. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under this Base Prospectus are also described below. 
Prospective investors must read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, 
including any documents incorporated by reference herein, and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE CGMHI GUARANTOR 
Set out below are certain risk factors which could have a material adverse effect on the business, operations, 
financial condition or prospects of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and cause the Issuer's and/or the 
CGMHI Guarantor’s future results to be materially different from expected results. The Issuer's and/or the 
CGMHI Guarantor's results could also be affected by competition and other factors. The factors discussed 
below should not be regarded as a complete and comprehensive statement of all potential risks and 
uncertainties the Issuer's and the CGMHI Guarantor's businesses face. Each of the Issuer and the CGMHI 
Guarantor has described only those risks relating to its operations that it considers to be material. There may 
be additional risks that the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor currently considers not to be material or of 
which it is not currently aware, and any of these risks could have the effects set forth above. Investors should 
note that they bear the Issuer's and the CGMHI Guarantor's solvency risk. 
General 
The ability of each of the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Notes is 
dependent on the earnings of the CGMHI Guarantor's subsidiaries. 
The Issuer is a holding company that does not engage in any material amount of business activities that 
generate revenues. The Issuer services its obligations primarily with dividends and advances from its 
subsidiaries. Its subsidiaries that operate in the securities businesses can only pay dividends if they are in 
compliance with applicable regulatory requirements imposed on them by federal and state regulatory 
authorities. Its respective subsidiaries may also be subject to credit agreements that also may restrict their 
ability to pay dividends. If such subsidiaries do not realise sufficient earnings to satisfy applicable regulatory 
requirements, or if such requirements are changed to further restrict the ability of such subsidiaries to pay 
dividends to the Issuer, the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes may be adversely affected, 
and consequently the value of and return on such Notes may also be adversely affected. 
In addition, the CGMHI Guarantor is a holding company that does not engage in any material amount of 
business activities that generate revenues. The CGMHI Guarantor services its obligations primarily with 
dividends and advances from its subsidiaries. For example, certain of the CGMHI Guarantor's subsidiaries

--- Page 13 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-2 
 
 
have co-branding and private label relationships through Citi-branded cards and Citi retail services credit card 
businesses with various retailers and merchants globally. The five largest of these relationships constituted an 
aggregate of approximately 10% of the revenues of the CGMHI Guarantor and its subsidiaries (together the 
Group) for 2020. These relationships could be negatively impacted by, among other things, the general 
economic environment, declining sales and revenues, partner store closures, government imposed restrictions, 
reduced air and business travel or other operational difficulties of the retailer or merchant, termination due to 
a breach by a Group entity or by the retailer or merchant, or other factors, including bankruptcies, liquidations, 
restructurings, consolidations and other similar events, whether due to the ongoing pandemic or otherwise, 
that would restrict the ability of the subsidiaries of the CGMHI Guarantor to pay dividends. 
The CGMHI Guarantor’s subsidiaries may also be subject to credit agreeements that also may restrict their 
ability to pay dividends. Moreover, the CGMHI Guarantor's subsidiaries that operate in the banking, insurance 
and securities businesses can only pay dividends if they are in compliance with applicable regulatory 
requirements imposed on them by federal and state regulatory authorities. If such subsidiaries do not realise 
sufficient earnings to satisfy applicable regulatory requirements, or if such requirements are changed to further 
restrict the ability of such subsidiaries to pay dividends to the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMHI Guarantor's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee may be adversely affected, and 
consequently the value of and return on the Notes may also be adversely affected. 
The subsidiaries of the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor that operate in the securities businesses are also 
exposed to concentrations of risk, particularly credit and market risk, as they routinely execute a high volume 
of securities, trading, derivative and foreign exchange transactions with non-U.S. sovereigns and with 
counterparties in the financial services industry. As regulatory or market developments continue to lead to 
increased centralisation of trading activities, these subsidiaries could also experience an increase in 
concentration of risk to these industries. These concentrations of risk could limit the effectiveness of any 
hedging strategies and cause the subsidiaries to incur significant losses, impacting their ability to pay 
dividends. 
Further, such dividends, whether to the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor (or both), may be affected by 
macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges, uncertainties and volatilities. For example, governmental fiscal 
and monetary actions, or expected actions, such as changes in interest rate policies and any program 
implemented by a central bank to change the size of its balance sheet, could significantly impact interest rates, 
economic growth rates, the volatility of global financial markets, foreign exchange rates and global capital 
flows. Moreover, adverse developments or downturns in one or more of the world’s larger economies would 
likely have a significant impact on the global economy or the economies of other countries because of global 
financial or economic linkages. These and other global macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges have 
negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact, the businesses of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI 
Guarantor's subsidiaries. The presence of certain subsidiaries in emerging markets subjects them to a number 
of risks, including sovereign volatility, foreign exchange controls and sanctions, and also increases their 
compliance and regulatory risks and costs. As a result, the dividends subsidiaries are able to pay may be 
impacted which could have a negative effect on the ability of the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes, and consequently the value of and return on such Notes may also be adversely 
affected. 
Rapidly evolving challenges and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic will likely continue to 
have negative impacts on the Group's businesses and results of operations and financial condition 
The COVID-19 pandemic has become global, affecting all of the countries and jurisdictions where the Group 
operates. The pandemic and responses to it have had, and will likely continue to have, severe impacts on global 
health and economic conditions. These impacts will continue to evolve by region, country or state, largely 
depending on the duration and severity of the public health consequences, including the duration and further 
spread of the coronavirus; the potential for new variants of the virus; timely development, production and 
distribution of effective vaccines; availability of therapeutics; public response; and government actions. The 
impacts to global economic conditions include, among others:

--- Page 14 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-3 
 
 
• 
the institution of social distancing and restrictions on businesses and the movement of the public in 
and among the U.S. and other countries; 
• 
closures, reduced activity and failures of many businesses, leading to loss of revenues and net losses; 
• 
sharply reduced U.S. and global economic output, resulting in significant losses of employment and 
lower consumer spending, cards purchase sales and loan volumes; 
• 
lower interest rates; 
• 
disruption of global supply chains; and 
• 
significant disruption and volatility in financial markets. 
The pandemic has had, and will likely continue to have, negative impacts on the Group's businesses and overall 
results of operations and financial condition, which could be material. The extent of the impact on the Group's 
operations and financial performance, including its ability to execute its business strategies and initiatives, will 
continue to depend significantly on future developments in the U.S. and globally, which are uncertain and 
cannot be predicted, including the course of the virus, as well as any delay or weakness in the economic 
recovery or further economic downturn.  
Ongoing legislative and regulatory changes in the U.S. and globally to address the economic impact from the 
pandemic, such as consumer and corporate relief measures and continued lower interest rates, could further 
affect the Group's businesses, operations and financial performance. The Group could also face challenges, 
including legal and reputational, and scrutiny in its implementation of and ongoing efforts to provide these 
relief measures. Such implementations and efforts have resulted in, and may continue to result in, litigation, 
including class actions, and regulatory and government actions and proceedings. Such actions may result in 
judgments, settlements, penalties and fines adverse to the Group. In addition, the different types of government 
actions could vary in scale and duration across jurisdictions and regions with varying degrees of effectiveness. 
The impact of the pandemic on the Group's consumer and corporate borrowers will also vary by sector or 
industry, with some borrowers experiencing greater stress levels, which could lead to increased pressure on 
their results of operations and financial condition, increased borrowings or credit ratings downgrades, thus 
likely leading to higher credit costs for the Group. In addition, stress levels ultimately experienced by the 
Group's borrowers may be different from and more intense than assumptions made in earlier estimates or 
models used by the Group, resulting in a further increase in the Group's allowance for credit losses or net credit 
losses, particularly as consumer and small business relief programs expire and the benefits of fiscal stimulus 
start to diminish. 
The pandemic may not be contained for an extended period of time. A prolonged health crisis could further 
reduce economic activity in the U.S. and other countries, resulting in additional declines in employment and 
business and consumer confidence. These factors could further negatively impact global economic activity 
and markets; cause a continued decline in the demand for the Group's products and services and in its revenues; 
further increase the Group's credit and other costs; and may result in impairment of long-lived assets or 
goodwill. These factors could also cause a continued increase in the Group's balance sheet, risk-weighted 
assets and allowance for credit losses, resulting in a decline in regulatory capital ratios or liquidity measures, 
as well as regulatory demands for higher capital levels and/or limitations or reductions in capital distributions 
(such as common share repurchases and dividends). Moreover, any disruption or failure of the Group's 
performance of, or its ability to perform, key business functions, as a result of the continued spread of COVID-
19 or otherwise, could adversely affect the Group's operations. 
Any disruption to, breaches of or attacks on the Group's information technology systems, including from cyber 
incidents, could have adverse effects on the Group's businesses. These systems are supporting a substantial 
portion of the Group's colleagues who have been affected by local pandemic restrictions and have been forced

--- Page 15 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-4 
 
 
to work remotely. In addition, these systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, and the Group 
could experience service denials or disruptions if demand for such systems were to exceed capacity or if a 
third-party system fails or experiences any interruptions. The Group has also taken measures to maintain the 
health and safety of its colleagues; however, these measures could result in increased expenses, and widespread 
illness could negatively affect staffing within certain functions, businesses or geographies. In addition, the 
Group's ability to recruit, hire and onboard colleagues in key areas could be negatively impacted by global 
pandemic restrictions. 
Further, it is unclear how the macroeconomic business environment or societal norms may be impacted after 
the pandemic. The post-pandemic environment may undergo unexpected developments or changes in financial 
markets, the fiscal, monetary, tax and regulatory environments and consumer customer and corporate client 
behaviour. These developments and changes could have an adverse impact on the Group's results of operations 
and financial condition. Ongoing business and regulatory uncertainties and changes may make the Group's 
longer-term business, balance sheet and strategic and budget planning more difficult or costly. The Group and 
its management and businesses may also experience increased or different competitive and other challenges 
in this environment. To the extent that it is not able to adapt or compete effectively, the Group could experience 
loss of business and its results of operations and financial condition could suffer. 
Any negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group, including the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor, 
could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, 
and consequently the value of and return on such Notes may also be adversely affected. 
No Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor 
Prospective investors should note that there are no Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor with 
regard to the insolvency or bankruptcy of the CGMHI Guarantor (or any similar event), any other default of 
the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee not being (or being claimed not to be) in full force 
and effect. Therefore, even though the CGMHI Guarantor may be bankrupt or enter into insolvency 
proceedings or disclaim the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, notwithstanding their holding, holders of the Notes 
will not be able to trigger an Event of Default under the Notes and thus will not be able to cause the Notes to 
be immediately due and payable, and the Notes will not redeem until maturity (unless there has been a default 
due to the non-payment or delivery (as applicable) of interest, principal or other amounts or assets due under 
the Notes or bankruptcy or other default of CGMHI in the meantime or the occurrence of any other applicable 
event resulting in an early redemption of the Notes). It is possible that holders may receive a lower return at 
maturity than if they were able to accelerate the Notes for immediate repayment in such circumstances.  
Under U.S. banking law, the CGMHI Guarantor may be required to apply its available funds to support the 
financial position of its banking subsidiaries, rather than to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Under longstanding policy of The Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, a bank holding 
company (such as the CGMHI Guarantor) is expected to act as a source of financial strength for its subsidiary 
banks and to commit resources to support such banks. As a result of that policy, the CGMHI Guarantor may 
be required to commit resources (in the form of investments or loans) to its subsidiary banks in amounts or at 
times that could adversely affect its ability to also fulfil its obligations under the Notes and/or the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee, and consequently the value of and return on the Notes may also be adversely affected. 
The inclusion of contractual stay provisions in the terms and conditions of the Notes could materially adversely 
affect the rights of Noteholders in a resolution scenario. 
In the autumn of 2017, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the FDIC and the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency issued rules (QFC Stay Rules) designed to improve the resolvability and 
resilience of U.S. global systemically important banking organisations (G-SIBs) and the U.S. operations of 
foreign G-SIBs, by mitigating the risk of destabilising closeouts of qualified financial contracts (QFCs) in 
resolution. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries, including CGMHI, are covered entities subject to the QFC Stay

--- Page 16 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-5 
 
 
Rules. Certain of the Notes (such Notes, Covered Instruments) and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee – to the 
extent the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee relates to Covered Instruments – may qualify as QFCs.  
The QFC Stay Rules seek to eliminate impediments to the orderly resolution of a G-SIB both in a scenario 
where resolution proceedings are instituted by the U.S. regulatory authorities under the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act or the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of the Dodd Frank Act (OLA) (together, the 
U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) as well as in a scenario where the G-SIB is resolved under ordinary 
insolvency proceedings. To address this, the QFC Stay Rules require covered entities to ensure that their QFCs 
subject to the QFC Stay Rules (i) contain an express contractual recognition of the statutory stay-and-transfer 
provisions of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes and (ii) do not contain cross-default rights against the 
covered entity based on an affiliate becoming subject to any type of insolvency proceeding or restrictions on 
the transfer of any related credit enhancements (including a guarantee) issued by an affiliate of the covered 
entity following the affiliate's entry into insolvency proceedings. 
To address these requirements, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain an express contractual 
recognition that, in the event either the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor becomes subject to a proceeding under 
a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of Notes which are Covered Instruments and (in relation to 
Covered Instruments) the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee (and the transfer of any interest and obligation in or 
under such Covered Instruments or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee) from the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor, 
as applicable, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under such U.S. Special 
Resolution Regime.  
In addition, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain an express contractual recognition that, in the event 
any of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and any of their affiliates becomes subject to a proceeding under a 
U.S. Special Resolution Regime, default rights against the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor with respect to the 
Covered Instruments or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than 
they could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime. For these purposes, default rights include 
the right to terminate, liquidate or accelerate a QFC or demand payment or delivery thereunder. See 
Condition 19 (Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes) of the General Conditions. 
Each of Citigroup Inc., as a U.S. entity incorporated in Delaware, and CGMHI, as a U.S. entity incorporated 
in the State of New York, could be placed into proceedings under OLA if certain determinations are made by 
the applicable U.S. regulatory authorities.  
The exercise of any power under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes could materially adversely affect the 
rights of the holders of the Notes (e.g. in respect of the right to demand payment), and accordingly, the price 
or value of their investment in any such Note and/or the ability of such Issuer to satisfy its obligations under 
such Notes. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, interpretation of the application of the relevant requirements and 
market practice is continuing to evolve. If any prospective investors are in any doubt about the 
categorisation of any Notes as QFCs and the effect of any proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime on such Notes, they should take advice from such professional advisers as they may deem 
necessary. 
Ability to Substitute the CGMHI Guarantor in Insolvency 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes explicitly provide that nothing in Condition 15 of the General 
Conditions shall limit the ability of the CGMHI Guarantor to be substituted upon or following the relevant 
entity becoming subject to a resolution, restructuring, or reorganisation or similar proceeding. This means any 
such substitution of the CGMHI Guarantor does not have to comply with the substitution criteria set out in 
Condition 15 of the General Conditions. Any such substitution could adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, 
the price and/or value of their investment in the Notes and/or performance under the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee.

--- Page 17 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-6 
 
 
A reduction of the Issuer's and/or the CGMHI Guarantor's ratings may reduce the market value and 
liquidity of the Notes. 
The value of the Notes is expected to be affected, in part, by investors' general appraisal of the Issuer's, the 
CGMHI Guarantor’s and/or their affiliates' creditworthiness. Such perceptions are generally influenced by the 
ratings accorded to the outstanding securities of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates 
by standard statistical rating services, such as Moody's, S&P and Fitch. A reduction in the rating, if any, 
accorded to outstanding debt securities (if any) of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the securities issued 
by any of their affiliates by one of these rating agencies could result in a reduction in the trading value of the 
Notes. 
Each rating agency may reduce, suspend or withdraw any credit ratings of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI 
Guarantor at any time in the future if, in its judgement, circumstances warrant a change. No rating agency is 
obligated to maintain its ratings at their current levels.  
The rating agencies continuously evaluate the CGMHI Guarantor and its subsidiaries, and their ratings of the 
CGMHI Guarantor's and its subsidiaries' long-term and short-term debt are based on a number of factors, 
including standalone financial strength, as well as factors not entirely within the control of the CGMHI 
Guarantor and its subsidiaries, such as the agencies’ proprietary rating methodologies and assumptions, and 
conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. If a ratings agency reduces, suspends or 
withdraws its ratings of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor, the liquidity and market value of the Notes 
and/or the CGMHI Guarantor's ability to fulfil its guarantor obligations are likely to be adversely affected. 
In addition, ratings downgrades by Fitch, Moody's or S&P could have a significant and immediate impact on 
the CGMHI Guarantor's funding and liquidity through cash obligations, reduced funding capacity and 
derivative triggers and additional margin requirements. Ratings downgrades could also have a negative impact 
on other funding sources, such as secured financing and other margin requirements, for which there are no 
explicit triggers. Some entities may also have ratings limitations as to their permissible counterparties, of which 
the CGMHI Guarantor may or may not be aware. A reduction in the CGMHI Guarantor's or its subsidiaries' 
credit ratings could also widen the CGMHI Guarantor's credit spreads or otherwise increase its borrowing 
costs and limit its access to the capital markets. Any of the foregoing factors may negatively impact the value 
of and return on the Notes. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out above. Information relating 
to the current rating of the CGMHI Guarantor is available at www.citigroup.com. 
The CGMHI Guarantor may not be able to maintain adequate liquidity or funding which may result in a 
negative impact on the market value of the Notes or the CGMHI Guarantor's ability to fulfil its guarantor 
obligations 
As a large, global financial institution, adequate liquidity and sources of funding are essential to the CGMHI 
Guarantor's businesses. The CGMHI Guarantor's liquidity and sources of funding can be significantly and 
negatively impacted by factors it cannot control, such as general disruptions in the financial markets, 
governmental fiscal and monetary policies, regulatory changes or negative investor perceptions of the CGMHI 
Guarantor's creditworthiness, unexpected increases in cash or collateral requirements and the inability to 
monetise available liquidity resources, whether due to the pandemic or otherwise. The CGMHI Guarantor 
competes with other banks and financial institutions for deposits, which represent the CGHMI Guarantor’s 
most stable and lowest cost of long-term funding. The competition for retail banking deposits has increased in 
recent years as a result of online banks and digital banking, among others. Furthermore, although the CGMHI 
Guarantor has had a robust deposit growth since the onset of the pandemic, it remains unclear how "sticky" 
(likely to remain at the CGMHI Guarantor) those deposits may be, particularly in a less accommodating 
environment.

--- Page 18 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-7 
 
 
In addition, the CGMHI Guarantor's costs to obtain and access secured funding and long-term unsecured 
funding are directly related to its credit spreads. Changes in credit spreads are driven by both external market 
factors and factors specific to the CGMHI Guarantor, and can be highly volatile. 
Moreover, the CGMHI Guarantor's ability to obtain funding may be impaired if other market participants are 
seeking to access the markets at the same time, or if market appetite is reduced, as is likely to occur in a 
liquidity stress event or other market crisis. A sudden drop in market liquidity could also cause a temporary or 
lengthier dislocation of underwriting and capital markets activity. In addition, clearing organisations, central 
banks, clients and financial institutions with which the CGMHI Guarantor interacts may exercise the right to 
require additional collateral based on their perceptions or the market conditions, which could further impair 
the CGMHI Guarantor's access to, and cost of, funding. These factors may negatively impact the market value 
of the Notes or the CGMHI Guarantor's ability to fulfil its guarantor obligations. 
RISKS RELATING TO NOTES 
Risks relating to Credit Linked Notes 
If in respect of Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event (as described below) and/or, in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes which are LA Credit Linked Notes (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), Additional Risk Event 
(as described below and, together with Credit Events, Risk Events) occurs, instead of redeeming those Credit 
Linked Notes by payment of the redemption amount at maturity, the Issuer may redeem those Credit Linked 
Notes by the physical delivery of a given number of specified assets and/or by payment of a cash amount on 
an alternative date (or on the Maturity Date if the Credit Linked Notes are Maturity Date Settlement Notes) or 
cancel those Credit Linked Notes at zero (in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes), depending on the applicable 
settlement method in respect of those Credit Linked Notes.   
Events that will constitute a Credit Event for the purposes of Credit Linked Notes will be as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and may include, in summary, events such as bankruptcy of a Reference Entity and 
events in relation to obligations of a Reference Entity, for example, acceleration, failure to pay, default, 
restructuring (including as a result of governmental action) and repudiation. See further "Investment 
Considerations - Credit Linked Notes", the Credit Events specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
definitions in the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Events that will constitute an Additional Risk Event for the purposes of LA Credit Linked Notes will be as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and may include, in summary, currency related events (which may 
arise from conversion, transaction and transfer issues or restrictions or the introduction of a new currency 
regime), ownership issues or restrictions with respect to any Reference Investor Asset or proceeds thereof, 
custodian events or RMB currency events. See further "Investment Considerations - Credit Linked Notes", the 
Additional Risk Events specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the definitions in the Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should be aware that depending on the terms thereof (i) they may receive 
no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of any specified assets may 
occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
The market price of the Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, the time remaining 
to the maturity date and the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity, which in turn may be affected by the 
economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, over which neither the Issuer nor the 
CGMHI Guarantor has control. 
Prospective investors should note that not all of the possible Credit Events require an actual default with respect 
to the obligations of a relevant Reference Entity. Noteholders could bear losses based on deterioration in the 
credit of any relevant Reference Entity short of a default, subject to the provisions set out in the applicable 
terms and conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-8 
 
 
Prospective investors should also note that not all of the possible Additional Risk Events are related directly 
to default or credit risk in respect of a Reference Entity or default in respect of the Reference Investor Assets. 
Noteholders could bear losses based on the ability of a Reference Investor to hold Reference Investor Assets, 
events occurring in respect of Custodians, settlement arrangements, market disruption or exchange controls, 
subject to the provisions set out in the applicable terms and conditions of the Notes. 
The loss incurred by a Noteholder may be unrelated to or disproportionate in comparison with the Additional 
Risk Event itself. Moreover, the Calculation Agent may designate an Additional Risk Event, which could 
cause such losses to be incurred by Noteholders, if the Additional Risk Event occurs at any time during the 
term of the Notes, whether or not the Additional Risk Event is ongoing or effective or has been remedied or 
cured at the time such designation has been made. 
Investors must also refer to the risk factors below to understand the particular risks related to the features of 
the provisions for payment of interest (if any) and determination of the amount (if any) payable and/or, as the 
case may be, assets deliverable on redemption or final settlement of Credit Linked Notes.  
Reference Entity Credit Risk  
Holders of Credit Linked Notes will be exposed to the credit of each Reference Entity, which exposure shall 
be to the full extent of their investment in the Notes or, in the case of fixed recovery Notes, to the extent of 
their investment above the fixed recovery amount. Upon the occurrence of any specified Credit Event with 
respect to a Reference Entity, the Noteholders may suffer significant losses at a time when losses may be 
suffered by a direct investor in obligations of such Reference Entity. However, the holding of a Note may not 
reflect the impact of investing in an obligation of a Reference Entity, and losses in relation to the Notes could 
be considerably greater than would be suffered by a direct investor in the obligations of such Reference Entity 
and/or could arise for reasons unrelated to such Reference Entity. Noteholders should also note that a Credit 
Event may occur even if the obligations of a Reference Entity are unenforceable or their performance is 
prohibited by any applicable law or exchange controls. 
If the Credit Linked Notes are linked to the credit of one or more sovereign or governmental entity or quasi-
governmental entity Reference Entities, payment of amounts due or delivery of any assets pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes, including any applicable interest payments, will be subject to 
sovereign risks. These include the potential default by such sovereign, government/quasi government issuer 
or the occurrence of political or economic events resulting in or from governmental action such as the 
declaration of a moratorium on debt repayment or negating repayment obligations of the sovereign issuer. If 
any such event were to occur, holders of such Notes may lose up to all of their initial investment in such Notes.  
The Reference Entity credit risk described above means that, in order to recover and realise a return upon their 
investment, a purchaser of a Note must generally be correct about the creditworthiness of each Reference 
Entity. Assuming all other factors are held constant, the more a Note is "out-of-the-money" (or the higher the 
risk of default in respect of each Reference Entity) and the shorter its remaining term to maturity, the greater 
the risk that purchasers of such Notes will lose all or part of their investment. The only means through which 
a Noteholder can realise value from a Note prior to the maturity date in relation to such Note is to sell it at its 
then market price in an available secondary market. See "The Secondary Market" generally below.  
Local Access Risks  
Credit Linked Notes may reference the obligations of a Reference Entity incorporated in or from a local access 
jurisdiction. An investment in such Credit Linked Notes involves risks associated with such jurisdictions, 
including potential risks of volatility, governmental intervention and the lack of a developed system of law.  
Investors should note that it is a general feature of local access that they may be subject to rapid change and 
the risks involved may also change relatively quickly.

--- Page 20 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-9 
 
 
Local access countries are in transformation and may, therefore, be more exposed to the risk of swift political 
change and economic downturns than their industrialised counterparts. Indeed, in recent years, many local 
access nations have undergone significant political, economic and social changes, which have led to 
constitutional and social tensions and, in some cases, the occurrence of instability and reaction against market 
reforms. With respect to any local access nation, there is the possibility of nationalisation, expropriation or 
confiscation, political changes, government regulation, social instability or other developments (including war) 
which could affect adversely the economies of such nations and/or the foreign exchange rates. Political or 
economic instability may affect investor confidence, which could in turn have a negative impact on the value 
of the obligation(s) of the local access Reference Entity or its creditworthiness and on foreign exchange 
markets.  
Conditions in local access countries are associated with higher risks of the occurrence of a Risk Event, which 
may occur together with circumstances that would restrict the deliverability of any Reference Asset, or which 
may result in especially adverse pricing and liquidity conditions in which a market value for such Reference 
Asset is to be determined. 
Local access debt typically comprises debt issued by non-highly rated issuers in respect of whom the possibility 
of default is greater than investment grade issuers. Local access considerations, in addition to and in 
combination with other conditions affecting the creditworthiness of a Reference Entity (including those 
resulting in a local access Reference Entity experiencing financial or economic difficulties), may significantly 
affect (a) the value of, and (b) any amounts paid on, its Obligation(s) and/or any Reference Obligation(s) and/or 
any Deliverable Obligation(s) and/or Reference Asset(s) (if any), each or all of which may be reduced to zero. 
Local access debt may be difficult to buy and/or sell, particularly during adverse market conditions, and prices 
may be more volatile. In addition, settlement of trades in emerging or developing countries may be slower and 
more likely to be subject to failure than in more developed markets. This will affect the ability of the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) to obtain prices for the Obligation(s) of the Reference Entity or any 
Reference Obligation(s) or any Deliverable Obligation(s) or any Reference Asset(s) (if any).  
Settlement Risk in respect of Credit Linked Notes 
Credit Linked Notes may be settled by physical delivery of certain obligation(s), by payment of cash amount(s) 
calculated by reference to the value of certain obligation(s) or an auction price of certain obligation(s) or by 
any combination of such settlement methods, or by payment of a cash amount based on a fixed final price or 
(in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes) recovery value or (in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes) may be 
cancelled at zero, as set out below. Since any such obligations will be issued or guaranteed by the Reference 
Entity affected by the Credit Event or Risk Event (in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes), the value of such 
obligations at the relevant time may be considerably less than would be the case if such Credit Event or Risk 
Event (as applicable) had not occurred. 
Risks relating to auction settlement of Credit Linked Notes 
Following the satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement (if Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked 
Conditions (Underlying Schedule 1) applies to the Credit Linked Notes) or the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date (if Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Definitions) (Underlying 
Schedule 2) applies to the Credit Linked Notes) in each case in respect of a Credit Event, the Issuer's obligation 
to repay principal may be replaced by an obligation to pay other amounts calculated by reference to the price 
of certain obligations of the relevant Reference Entity determined at an Auction held in accordance with Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published in relation to obligations of appropriate seniority of the 
Reference Entity (applicable to credit derivatives transactions incorporating the 2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Definitions (published on 
12 March 2009) if Underlying Schedule 1 applies or applicable to credit derivatives transactions incorporating 
the 2014 ISDA Definitions if Underlying Schedule 2 applies). Noteholders holding Notes which are auction 
settled will be subject to the risk that the price determined pursuant to the relevant Auction may be determined

--- Page 21 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-10 
 
 
by reference to obligations of the Reference Entity which may not include the Reference Obligation or 
Deliverable Obligations which may have otherwise have been selected for valuation were cash settlement to 
apply and may be less than the price that would otherwise have been determined in respect of such Reference 
Obligation or Deliverable Obligations in such circumstances. In addition, if the Credit Event is a Restructuring 
Credit Event, in certain circumstances the value the Auction determines to be applicable may be in relation to 
obligations of the Reference Entity of considerably longer tenor than the Reference Obligation, and as a result 
it is very likely that the value determined pursuant to such Auction will be lower than the market value that 
would otherwise have been determined in respect of the Reference Obligation.  
Any such amounts may (a) be less or substantially less than the outstanding principal amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and (b) be subject to exchange rate risk. Any such amount will be reduced to take into account 
Unwind Costs and so will also depend upon the level of such Unwind Costs, as set out under "Unwind Costs" 
below and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
In addition, if the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee does not decide to hold an Auction with 
respect to obligations of an appropriate seniority of the Reference Entity or no Auction is held on or prior to 
the Auction Cut-off Date for any other reason or no price is determined pursuant to an Auction on or prior to 
the Auction Final Price Cut-off Date, then the Credit Linked Notes will be settled by either cash or physical 
settlement as a fallback settlement method – see "Risks relating to physical settlement of Credit Linked Notes" 
and "Risks relating to cash settlement of Credit Linked Notes" below. 
If an Auction is held in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit Event has occurred, there is a 
possibility that the Issuer, any Dealer or any other related person would act as a participating bidder in such 
Auction. In such capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence the Auction Final Price including, 
without limitation, (i) providing rates of conversion to determine the applicable currency conversion rates to 
be used to convert any obligations which are not denominated in the auction currency into such currency for 
the purposes of the Auction and (ii) submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests with respect to the 
relevant obligation(s) subject to the Auction. In deciding whether to take any such action, or whether to act as 
a participating bidder in any auction, such persons shall be under no obligation to consider the interests of any 
Noteholder, which may be adversely affected by any such action.  
Risks relating to physical settlement of Credit Linked Notes 
Following the satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement (if Underlying Schedule 1 applies to the Credit Linked 
Notes) or the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date (if Underlying Schedule 2 applies to the Credit 
Linked Notes) in each case in respect of a Credit Event, or the occurrence of a Risk Event Determination Date 
in respect of a Risk Event (in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes), the Issuer's obligation to repay principal 
may be replaced by an obligation either to deliver an Asset Amount or LA Settlement Assets (as applicable) 
to an affiliate of the Issuer and to procure that such affiliate delivers such obligations to holders of the Credit 
Linked Notes or to deliver such obligations directly. The amount of any such obligations deliverable will be 
reduced to take into account Unwind Costs and so will also depend upon the level of such Unwind Costs, as 
set out under "Unwind Costs" below and the amount of any such obligations deliverable may in certain 
circumstances be zero. The value of the Asset Amount or LA Settlement Assets (as applicable) delivered to a 
Noteholder pursuant to physical settlement of the Notes may be less or substantially less than the outstanding 
principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes and may in certain circumstances be zero. Any such Asset Amount 
or LA Settlement Assets (as applicable) may not recover in value in the future and may also be illiquid, and 
the holder must be prepared to hold such Asset Amount or LA Settlement Assets (as applicable) to their 
maturity or be prepared to sustain further loss associated with their disposal.  
Delivery of the Asset Amount or LA Settlement Assets (as applicable) may be delayed if the Issuer is unable 
(whether due to impossibility, illegality or impracticality or otherwise) to procure delivery of the relevant 
obligations on or prior to the scheduled delivery date, and holders of the Credit Linked Notes will continue to 
be exposed to fluctuations in the value of the relevant portion of the Asset Amount or LA Settlement Assets 
(as applicable) during this period.

--- Page 22 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-11 
 
 
Where as of the Final Delivery Date or the LA Physical Settlement Date (as applicable) the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent (as applicable) determines that such delivery is impossible, illegal or impracticable for the 
Issuer (including if the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates have not received the relevant obligations due to the 
occurrence of a Hedge Disruption Event) or, in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes, that it would be in breach 
of any restriction and/or commercially unreasonable to obtain, hold or deliver some or all of the LA Settlement 
Assets and/or it is unable to deliver some or all of the LA Settlement Assets due to circumstances within the 
control of the Noteholder, the Issuer will instead cash settle the Credit Linked Notes in relation to the non-
delivered obligations. In those circumstances in addition to delivering those obligations (if any) of the 
Reference Entity which were deliverable, it will make a payment of the Cash Settlement Amount or 
Undeliverable LA Redemption Amount (as applicable), calculated by reference to the value of the 
Undeliverable Obligation(s), Hedge Disruption Obligations or Undeliverable Assets (as applicable and being 
the relevant non-delivered obligations) and less Unwind Costs.   
As the market value of the Undeliverable Obligation(s), Hedge Disruption Obligations or Undeliverable Assets 
may be highly volatile following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event (as applicable) in respect of 
the relevant Reference Entity, such obligations may not reflect their full recovery value and as such any such 
Cash Settlement Amount or Undeliverable LA Redemption Amount may be different to, and in some cases 
substantially less than, the value of the Undeliverable Obligation(s), Hedge Disruption Obligations or 
Undeliverable Assets (as applicable) on the date originally scheduled for delivery. Any such Cash Settlement 
Amount or Undeliverable LA Redemption Amount payable will be due after the Final Delivery Date or LA 
Physical Settlement Date (as applicable) and accordingly holders will continue to be exposed to fluctuations 
in the value of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation(s), Hedge Disruption Obligations or Undeliverable 
Assets (as applicable) during this period. In addition, such payments may be less than the recovery which 
would ultimately be realised by a holder of debt obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, whether by means 
of enforcement of rights following a default or receipt of distributions following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Noteholders whose Notes are physically settled will be responsible for any taxes, any stamp duty, any costs, 
any expenses and/or any fees in relation to or as a result of such delivery, which will reduce any value realisable 
from such delivery. Investors would also be exposed to the foreign exchange risk associated with the currency 
in which such Asset Amount or LA Settlement Assets are denominated, which may also reduce the value of 
such delivery.   
If a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice on or prior to the date falling 180 days after the Cut-off 
Date, then the Issuer's and any relevant affiliate's obligations in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder 
for which no Asset Transfer Notice has been given shall be discharged and the Issuer and the relevant affiliate 
(if any) shall have no further liability in respect thereof. 
Risks relating to cash settlement of Credit Linked Notes 
Following the satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement (if Underlying Schedule 1 applies to the Credit Linked 
Notes) or the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date (if Underlying Schedule 2 applies to the Credit 
Linked Notes) in each case in respect of a Credit Event, or the occurrence of a Risk Event Determination Date 
in respect of a Risk Event (in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes), if cash settlement applies the Issuer's 
obligation to repay principal will be replaced by an obligation to pay other amounts calculated, if so specified 
in the Issue Terms, by reference to the value of either the Reference Obligation, certain Deliverable Obligations 
selected by the Calculation Agent or the LA Settlement Assets (as applicable). Any such amount will be 
reduced to take into account Unwind Costs and so will also depend upon the level of such Unwind Costs, as 
set out under "Unwind Costs" below and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
Such payments may (a) be less or substantially less than the outstanding principal amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes, (b) be less than the recovery which would ultimately be realised by a holder of debt obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity, whether by means of enforcement of rights following a default or receipt of 
distributions following an insolvency or otherwise and (c) be subject to exchange rate risk.

--- Page 23 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-12 
 
 
Selection of Deliverable Obligations for purposes of the determination of the Deliverable Obligation Final 
Price or Recovery Value or for physical delivery 
The Issuer will be the entity responsible for selecting Deliverable Obligations that will (as applicable) (a) 
constitute any Asset Amount or LA Settlement Assets to be physically delivered to Noteholders or (b) be 
valued in order to determine the Final Price for the purposes of calculating any Credit Event Redemption 
Amount if Deliverable Obligation Final Price is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or the 
Recovery Value for the purposes of calculating any LA Redemption Amount. In making such selection, the 
Issuer will not be under any obligation to consider the interests of the Noteholders or any other person in 
relation to such selection or to mitigate their losses. Such entity will be entitled to select any Deliverable 
Obligations, as long as the Deliverable Obligation(s) selected fall within the criteria set out in the terms of the 
Credit Linked Notes, even if such selection may result in the greatest loss to the holders of the Credit Linked 
Notes and may be more advantageous to the Issuer (whether by reference to price, credit quality or otherwise). 
The Issuer has the discretion to select the cheapest and most illiquid Deliverable Obligation(s) and will have 
no liability to account to the holders of the Credit Linked Notes or any other person for any profit or other 
benefit to it or any of its affiliates which may result directly or indirectly from such selection.  
Fixed Recovery 
The Issuer may also issue fixed recovery Notes which are Credit Linked Notes where the Final Price or (in the 
case of LA Credit Linked Notes) Recovery Value used to calculate the amount payable on settlement of the 
Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event or (in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes) a Risk Event is 
fixed. In this circumstance the fixed recovery will be less than the outstanding principal amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and may be less than the amount that would have been determined by reference to obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity and may therefore result in a lower amount being due to the Noteholders on 
redemption. Such amount will be reduced to take into account Unwind Costs and so will also depend upon the 
level of such Unwind Costs, as set out under "Unwind Costs" below and may in certain circumstances be zero.  
LA Zero Recovery 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that LA Zero Recovery is applicable, the amount payable on 
cancellation of the Notes following the occurrence of a Risk Event is zero and accordingly investors will 
lose their entire investment in the Notes. In this circumstance, not recovering any amount on settlement 
of the Notes may be less (and will not be more) than would have been the case if an amount had been 
determined by reference to the value of assets of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Unwind Costs 
Investors should note that each of the Credit Event Redemption Amount, any Asset Amount, any Cash 
Settlement Amount, any LA Redemption Amount, any Undeliverable LA Redemption Amount, any Early 
Redemption Amount and any amount of LA Settlement Assets deliverable in respect of physical delivery of 
an LA Credit Linked Note will have deducted from it an amount equal to either (a) the amount specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms to be the Unwind Costs or (b) an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the sum of (without duplication) all costs, fees, charges, expenses (including loss of funding), tax and duties 
incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes 
and (if the Issuer has elected to hedge its exposure and such hedge is held at the related redemption) the related 
termination, settlement or re-establishment of any hedge or related trading position, such amount to be 
apportioned pro rata amongst the Notes. Investors may therefore receive back less than their initial investment 
or, in the case of redemption following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event (as applicable), losses 
may be greater than if the investor were to hold obligations of the Reference Entity directly.

--- Page 24 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-13 
 
 
Cessation of Interest  
Investors should be aware that:  
(a) 
in the case of interest-bearing Notes other than Non-Accruing Notes, no interest will be payable in 
respect of the Notes from the interest period commencing immediately preceding a Credit Event 
Determination Date (if Underlying Schedule 2 applies to the Credit Linked Notes) or Risk Event 
Determination Date (in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes) or the date (if any) on which Conditions 
to Settlement are satisfied (if Underlying Schedule 1 applies to the Credit Linked Notes); and 
(b) 
in the case of interest-bearing Notes that are Non-Accruing Notes, no interest will be payable in respect 
of the Notes from the interest payment date immediately preceding a Risk Event Determination Date.  
This means that if a Credit Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date (as applicable) occurs, 
investors will not receive the scheduled interest payments otherwise anticipated under the Notes and lose this 
return on their investment. 
Interest payments may also be suspended during the periods that the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees are sitting if DC Determinations is applicable in respect of the Notes. This means investors may 
receive interest (if at all) at a later time than anticipated 
Cessation of Instalments 
Investors should be aware that, in the case of Instalment Notes, no instalments of principal will be payable on 
or after the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date or a Risk Event Determination Date (as 
applicable). This means that if a Credit Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date (as 
applicable) occurs, investors will not receive the scheduled principal re-payments otherwise anticipated under 
the Notes. 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
While ISDA has published and, where applicable, supplemented the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(as supplemented, the 2003 ISDA Definitions) on which some of the credit linked terms in Underlying 
Schedule 1 are based and has published the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (the 2014 ISDA 
Definitions) on which some of the credit linked terms in Underlying Schedule 2 are based, in order to facilitate 
transactions and promote uniformity in the credit derivatives market, the credit derivatives market has evolved 
over time and is expected to continue to change. Consequently, the 2003 ISDA Definitions and 2014 ISDA 
Definitions and the terms applied to credit derivatives, including Credit Linked Notes are subject to further 
evolution. Past events have shown that the view of market participants may differ as to how the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions operate or should operate. As a result of the continued evolution of the market, the 
Credit Linked Notes may not conform to future market standards. Such a result may have a negative impact 
on the Credit Linked Notes. Furthermore, there can be no assurances that changes to the terms applicable to 
credit derivatives generally will be predictable or favourable to the Noteholders.   
Differences between the 2003 ISDA Definitions and the 2014 ISDA Definitions 
The changes introduced in the 2014 ISDA Definitions as compared to the 2003 ISDA Definitions have been 
reflected in Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Definitions), but in each case subject to 
important differences, including to reflect the nature of the Credit Linked Notes as compared to "over-the-
counter" transactions and to reflect hedging arrangement of the Issuer. Some changes, such as the inclusion of 
a new Credit Event, may have significant economic effect on the Credit Linked Notes and may mean the value 
of the Credit Linked Notes and the return (if any) to investors is significantly different from Credit Linked 
Notes using Underlying Schedule 1. Some changes may be disadvantageous to Noteholders and prospective

--- Page 25 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-14 
 
 
investors should review carefully the terms of any issue of Credit Linked Notes and, where in any doubt, take 
advice from suitably qualified professional advisers. 
Postponed Maturity Date 
Where Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied (if Underlying Schedule 1 applies to the Credit Linked 
Notes) or a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred (if Underlying Schedule 2 applies to the Credit 
Linked Notes) or (in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes) a Risk Event Determination Date has not occurred 
in each case on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date but (a) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition has been satisfied, (b) a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or (c) if on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or the Grace Period Extension Date (as applicable) the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Credit Event may have occurred or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
may have occurred, the relevant Maturity Date of the Notes may be extended pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Notes.  This means that investors may experience delays in receipt of payments or deliveries 
that would otherwise have occurred in accordance with the terms of the Notes (with no additional interest 
being payable for any such delay) and that the Notes could still be redeemed for a Credit Event or Risk Event 
(as applicable) after the Scheduled Maturity Date, in which event the relevant delayed payments or deliveries 
will not then be made. 
Maturity Date Settlement Credit Linked Notes 
Credit Linked Notes in relation to which Maturity Date Settlement is applicable will not redeem earlier than 
the Scheduled Maturity Date for a Credit Event and so in such circumstances investors may therefore not 
receive any interest on their investment for a substantial period of time and may miss the opportunity to invest 
the Credit Event Redemption Amount that would otherwise have been received earlier in other assets or 
investments. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement 
If the applicable Issue Terms for the Credit Linked Notes do not specify "2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event 
Provisions" and "Credit Deterioration Requirement" as applicable in respect of a Reference Entity, a 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of that Reference Entity will not be required for the 
purposes of determining a Failure to Pay Credit Event, which could increase the likelihood of a Credit Event 
and therefore losses occurring in respect of those Credit Linked Notes. 
Amendment of terms in accordance with market convention 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend the terms of the Credit Linked Notes in any manner 
which the Calculation Agent determines in a commercially reasonable manner is necessary or desirable from 
the perspective of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the Calculation Agent or an Affiliate of the Issuer or the 
CGMHI Guarantor hedging the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
to incorporate and/or reflect further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time published 
by or on behalf of ISDA with respect to the documentation, trading or settlement of credit derivative 
transactions and/or the operation or application of determinations by Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees; and/or 
(ii) 
to reflect or account for market practice for credit derivative transactions. 
Any such adjustment may amend the Notes in a way that is adverse to the interests of Noteholders and may 
have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-15 
 
 
Successions 
The Credit Linked Notes provide that a Reference Entity may be subject to replacement by one or more 
Successors (which, depending on the Successor elections in respect of the Notes, may be limited to being 
determined by reference to events occurring in a 90 day look-back period). In such event, the Noteholders will 
be subject to the credit risk of each Successor, which may be greater than that of the original Reference Entity 
and notwithstanding this, the interest payable in respect of the Notes reflecting the credit risk to which 
Noteholders are exposed, will remain the same.   
If more than one Successor has been identified, the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of the Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as it in its sole and absolute discretion acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner shall determine to be appropriate to reflect that the relevant Reference Entity has been 
succeeded by more than one Successor and shall determine the effective date of that adjustment. Any such 
adjustment may be adverse to the interests of Noteholders and have a negative impact on the market value of 
the Notes. 
Early Redemption upon Merger Event 
If applicable, in the event that in the determination of the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred the 
Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders and redeem the Credit Linked Notes early at the Early Redemption 
Amount. The Early Redemption Amount may (a) be less or substantially less than the outstanding principal 
amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes and (b) be subject to exchange rate risk.  Any such amount will be 
reduced to take into account the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates of unwinding any related hedging 
arrangements where "Fair Market Value" is specified in respect of the early redemption amount in the 
applicable Issue Terms, or Unwind Costs (as set out under "Unwind Costs" above) where "Recovery Value" 
is specified in respect of the early redemption amount in the applicable Issue Terms and so will also depend 
upon the level of such amounts deducted and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
Early Redemption on redemption in whole of Reference Obligation for Reference Obligation Only Notes 
relating to a single Reference Entity 
If Underlying Schedule 2 applies and the Credit Linked Notes are Reference Obligation Only Notes relating 
to a single Reference Entity and the Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole, the Issuer will redeem the 
Credit Linked Notes early at the Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Amount may (a) be less 
or substantially less than the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes and (b) be 
subject to exchange rate risk. Any such amount will be reduced to take into account the cost to the Issuer and/or 
any of its affiliates of unwinding any related hedging arrangements where “Fair Market Value” is specified in 
respect of the early redemption amount in the applicable Issue Terms, or Unwind Costs (as set out under 
"Unwind Costs" above) where "Recovery Value" is specified in respect of the early redemption amount in the 
applicable Issue Terms and so will also depend upon the level of such amounts deducted and may in certain 
circumstances be zero. 
Credit Event Backstop Date 
Investors should note that a Credit Event occurring prior to the Issue Date may result in a Credit Event being 
triggered under the Notes if Credit Event Backstop Date is applicable in respect of the Notes since a look-back 
period of 60 calendar days will apply from the relevant Credit Event Notice or Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date (as applicable).   
Determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
The determination as to whether or not a Credit Event has occurred may, if DC Determinations is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms, be made on the basis of a determination of a committee established by ISDA 
for the purposes of making certain determinations in connection with credit derivative transactions that are

--- Page 27 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-16 
 
 
relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives market (a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee).  
In such circumstances the relevant determination pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked 
Notes is subject to the announcements, publications, determinations and resolutions made by ISDA and/or the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, unless the Calculation Agent determines that it is 
inappropriate to follow such announcements, publications, determinations and resolutions as provided therein 
(see "Disapplication of DC Resolution" below).  Certain other determinations under the Credit Linked Notes 
may also follow determinations and/or approvals of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms.  In each case any such announcements, publications, 
determinations and resolutions could therefore affect the amount and timing of payments of interest on and 
principal of the Credit Linked Notes or deliveries pursuant to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes and may 
result in delay(s) and/or suspension(s) of payments and/or redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. The Issuer, 
the Dealer and no other related person will have any liability to any person for any such determination or 
calculation and/or any delay or suspension resulting from or relating to any announcements, publications, 
determinations and resolutions made by ISDA and/or any of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees.  Further information regarding Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees can be found at 
www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/. 
Prospective investors should note that Citigroup Inc. may be a member of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee responsible for determining the occurrence of Credit Events for the purposes of 
certain credit derivatives transactions. This may cause conflicts of interest which could affect its voting 
behaviour, and thus the determinations made by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, which may 
be detrimental to investors. 
Any references in these "Risks relating to Credit Linked Notes" to ISDA will include any other entity which 
succeeds to or is performing functions previously undertaken by ISDA in relation to Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and references to Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees in relation to 
ISDA will include any successor thereto.  The Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to the Credit 
Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms as it determines appropriate to account for any other entity so 
succeeding to or performing functions previously undertaken by ISDA. Any such adjustment may be adverse 
to the interests of Noteholders and may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes 
Disapplication of DC Resolution 
The Calculation Agent may in certain circumstances acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and taking into account the differences between the 2003 ISDA Definitions or 2014 ISDA Definitions, 
as applicable, (see "Differences between the 2003 ISDA Definitions and the 2014 ISDA Definitions" in 
"Investment Considerations" below) and the terms of the Notes and such other factor(s) as it deems appropriate, 
determine that a DC Resolution is inappropriate to follow for the purposes of the Notes including in relation 
to the determination of whether a Credit Event has occurred and the determination of a Successor.  This means 
that any such DC Resolution would not be applicable for the purposes of the Notes, even if this is prejudicial 
to Noteholders. 
No Claim against any Reference Entity 
Whilst an investment in the Notes gives exposure to some of the same risks as an actual investment in 
obligations of the Reference Entity(ies), a Note will not create an actual interest (whether by way of security 
or otherwise) in, or ownership of, any such Reference Entity or represent a claim against any such Reference 
Entity in respect of which any amount of principal and/or interest payable or, if Physical Delivery is specified 
as an applicable settlement method for the Notes in the applicable Issue Terms, the amount of assets deliverable 
in respect of the Notes, is dependent. Accordingly in the event that the amount paid by the Issuer or value of 
the specified assets delivered on settlement of the Notes is less than the principal amount of the Notes, a 
Noteholder will not have recourse under a Note to the Issuer or any Reference Entity.

--- Page 28 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-17 
 
 
Additional risks relating to LA Credit Linked Notes  
Reference Assets Only Settlement - exposure to Reference Asset 
In the case of LA Credit Linked Notes for which Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, because following a Risk Event the Notes will be settled by valuation or delivery 
(as applicable) of the Reference Asset in respect of a Reference Entity – rather than obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity generally – returns on the Notes may be adversely affected by circumstances affecting the 
Reference Asset even where other obligations of the Reference Entity are not affected.  The creditworthiness 
or market value of the relevant Reference Asset may be less favorable than other obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity due to liquidity, marketability, circumstances of origination, legal or validity risks, local 
access risks described below, or one or more other characteristics.  Investors in the Notes should understand 
that their recovery in relation to the relevant Reference Asset may be substantially less than for more generally 
representative obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Currency Risks 
LA Credit Linked Notes may be payable in a currency different from the currency in which a Reference Asset 
is payable, and may have economic features equivalent to a currency derivative in which the cash flows on 
such Reference Asset are exchanged for the specified cash flows payable on the Notes.  
Investors may therefore be exposed to fluctuations in the relevant exchange rate where ongoing calculations 
under the Notes include a currency exchange rate or due to Unwind Costs which may be deducted on certain 
redemptions of the Notes (for example following a Risk Event) and which may include one or more 
components linked to the currency of the Notes and/or a Reference Asset and/or the costs of termination or 
replacement of any such embedded currency derivative and may be substantially affected by changes in the 
relative value of such currencies. 
Exchange rates can be volatile and unpredictable.  Investors should be aware of the possibility of significant 
changes in rates of exchange between the currency of the Notes and the currency of a Reference Asset.  The 
value of the Notes on any date may be substantially less than would otherwise be the case if a currency 
exchange rate is included in ongoing calculations under the Notes and the currency in which a Reference Asset 
is payable depreciates in value relative to the currency in which the Notes are payable or, if the Notes reflect 
an embedded currency derivative and the currency in which a Reference Asset is payable appreciates in value 
relative to the currency in which the Notes are payable (due to the potential deduction of Unwind Costs, which 
may be substantial, if the Notes are redeemed).   
Prospective investors should in particular be aware that, due to exchange rate fluctuations as well as the other 
risks set out herein and depending upon the terms of the Notes: 
• 
the market price of the Notes may be very volatile; 
• 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
• 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal and/or interest payments;  
• 
the relevant currencies may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices; and 
• 
the timing of changes in a relevant currency may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations.  
In general, the earlier the change in the relevant currency, the greater the effect on yield.

--- Page 29 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-18 
 
 
See also "Changes in exchange rates and exchange controls could result in a loss of the value of the Notes and 
payments in respect thereof in relation to the currency of the jurisdiction of an investor" above. 
Postponement for Potential Risk Event 
If Potential Risk Event Postponement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if, on the 
Maturity Date or, if the Notes are interest bearing, on any Interest Payment Date or, if the Notes are Instalment 
Notes, on any Instalment Date, the Calculation Agent determines that a Risk Event may exist or may have 
occurred at any time during the Risk Event Determination Period (but the Issuer has not provided a Risk Event 
Notice in respect thereof), the Issuer shall not pay the Redemption Amount and/or the relevant Interest Amount 
and/or the relevant Instalment Amount (as applicable) until the earlier of (i) the date on which the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Risk Event has not so occurred or existed; and (ii) the date which is 30 calendar days 
after the Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date or relevant Instalment Date (as applicable).  
Payments or deliveries to Noteholders may therefore be delayed in respect of LA Credit Linked Notes in these 
circumstances (with no additional interest being payable for any such delay) and if the Notes are redeemed for 
a Risk Event as a result of such delay the relevant delayed payments or deliveries will not then be made. 
Regulatory Change Event and Tax Deduction Event adjustment  
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change Event has occurred or exists or, unless Tax 
Deduction Event is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, that there would be a Tax 
Deduction Amount in respect of amounts that would be received by a Reference Investor in respect of the 
Reference Investor Assets, then any payment(s) or delivery(ies) to Noteholders shall be reduced by an amount 
(in aggregate as applicable) equal in value to the allocable proportion of the Regulatory Change Cost or Tax 
Deduction Amount, as applicable, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  Investors may therefore receive 
back less than the anticipated amount(s) due in respect of the Notes, which may be less than their initial 
investment or, in the case of redemption following the occurrence of a Risk Event, losses may be greater than 
if the investor were to hold obligations of the Reference Entity directly. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under this Base Prospectus (for specific risks relating to Credit Linked 
Notes see "Risks relating to Credit Linked Notes" above).  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common features, 
distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes, those which may occur in relation to 
Renminbi Notes and those which might occur in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes.  More than one risk 
factor may have simultaneous effects with regard to the Notes such that the effect of a particular risk factor 
may not be predictable. In addition, more than one risk factor may have a compounding effect, which may not 
be predictable. Any such combination of risk factors may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
Risks related to implementation of regulatory reform  
Implementation of U.S. federal financial reform legislation may affect the value of Reference Entity(ies) or 
other Underlying(s) and the ability to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, which may ultimately 
affect the value, trading price and viability of Notes, as the amounts received and/or value of assets deliverable 
under the Notes will depend on (amongst other things) the performance of any such Reference Entity(ies) or 
other Underlying(s) and the Notes may subject to early redemption as a result of events related to hedging 
arrangements and amounts and/or assets due under the Notes may be reduced to reflect costs related to hedging 
arrangements.  For example, the Dodd-Frank Act would, upon full implementation, impose limits on the 
maximum position that could be held by a single dealer in certain of the Underlying(s) and may subject certain 
transactions to new forms of regulation that could create barriers and increase costs in relation to some types 
of hedging activity by the Issuer and/or any Hedging Party or any of their respective affiliates. Other provisions

--- Page 30 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-19 
 
 
of the Dodd-Frank Act could require certain Underlying(s) or hedging transactions to be cleared, traded on a 
regulated exchange and reported to regulators, central data repositories and, in some cases, the public, which 
may also affect their value, viability and cost.  The Dodd-Frank Act also expands entity registration 
requirements and imposes business conduct requirements on persons active in the swaps market (which may 
include new capital and margin requirements), which may affect the value of relevant Reference Entity(ies) or 
other Underlying(s) or value and/or cost of hedging transactions.  Such regulation may consequently affect the 
market value, trading price and viability of the Notes. 
Redemption for illegality  
If the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under an issue of Notes or the CGMHI 
Guarantor determines that the performance of its obligations under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect 
of such Notes or that any arrangements made to hedge such obligations has become illegal in whole or in part 
for any reason, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early and, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, 
will pay the Early Redemption Amount to each Noteholder. The Early Redemption Amount may (a) be less 
or substantially less than the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and (b) be subject to exchange rate 
risk.  Any such amount will be reduced to take into account the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates of 
unwinding any related hedging arrangements where "Fair Market Value" is specified in respect of the early 
redemption amount in the applicable Issue Terms, or Unwind Costs (as set out under "Unwind Costs" above) 
where "Recovery Value" is specified in respect of the early redemption amount in the applicable Issue Terms 
and so will also depend upon the level of such amounts deducted and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
Regulatory Changes and Regulatory Redemption Event 
If Obligor Regulatory Call Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the Issuer at any 
time determines that an Obligor Regulatory Event has occurred, then the Issuer may redeem all or some only 
of the Notes early at the Early Redemption Amount. 
An Obligor Regulatory Event may arise, in summary, where the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or any of their 
affiliates has become subject to less favourable capital adequacy treatment with respect to the Notes; suffers 
or will suffer any increased costs in connection with the Notes; or the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor would 
be materially restricted from performing any of its obligations under the Notes or the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee respectively. The Early Redemption Amount may be less and, in certain circumstances may be 
substantially less, than the investor's initial investment in the relevant Notes, or may even be zero, and will be 
reduced to take into account the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangement. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes, as set out in Condition 5(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) 
of the General Conditions and any related provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, is likely to limit their 
market value.  During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.

--- Page 31 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-20 
 
 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market value of any Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing notes with comparable maturities, which could be detrimental to investors. 
Risks associated with benchmark reform and the discontinuance and replacement of "IBORs"  
The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Notes are linked will result 
in the application of certain fallback provisions 
(1) 
General 
In relation to any event or circumstance affecting an interest rate, the fallback provisions described in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments and Regulatory Oligations) will be applied 
in the order set out therein, in each case where applicable for the relevant interest rate and the event or 
circumstance. If the first applicable option shown does not apply to the relevant rate and the relevant event or 
circumstance then the next option which does should be applied. It is possible that, following the application 
of such fallback provisions, the relevant rate could be determined on a different day than originally intended 
and/or may be determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. There is a risk that the determination of 
the relevant interest rate in accordance with any of these fallback provisions may result in lower amounts 
payable to a holder under the Notes and a reduction in their market value. 
Any adjustments to the Conditions (including the determination of any spread or factor howsoever defined) 
which the Calculation Agent determines are necessary or appropriate pursuant to the provisions of (i) Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2.5 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) (the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions), (ii) 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.6 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) (the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions) and (iii) Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.5 (Redemption or adjustment for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) (the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions) shall be made to the 
extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market) and may include, where applicable and without 
limitation: 
• 
technical, administrative or operational changes that the Calculation Agent decides are appropriate; 
• 
the application of any adjustment factor or adjustment spread; and 
• 
adjustments to reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the replacement or 
successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s). 
Such adjustments may also be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more effective 
dates, may but do not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate which is determined on 
a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a “risk-free rate” and which, unless the context 
otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be the relevant rate in relation to the then current and all future 
determination days. 
Investors should refer to the ‘Investment Considerations’ section for an overview of how and when such 
fallback provisions apply.

--- Page 32 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-21 
 
 
(2) 
If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined in the Calculation Agent's discretion or 
by alternative methods (as described below) 
 
Calculation Agent's discretion 
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the Screen Rate Determination provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2.2(A) (Screen Rate Determination) apply, subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations), the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant rate in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such 
sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market), 
which determination may be made by reference to quotations provided by third party banks.  As a result, the 
return on the Notes may be lower than expected and/or the value of the Notes may be adversely affected and 
the Calculation Agent will have no responsibility to the Issuer or any third party as a result of having acted on 
any such quotations. 
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2.2(B) (USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination) apply, subject as provided in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations), the relevant 
rate of interest will be determined by reference to quotations provided by third party banks and the Calculation 
Agent will have no responsibility to the Issuer or any third party as a result of having acted on any such 
quotation. Further, if the relevant rate of interest cannot be determined by reference to bank quotations, then 
the rate of interest will be determined by the the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). As a result, the return on the Notes may be lower than expected and/or the 
value of the Notes may be adversely affected. 
If the ISDA Determination provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(C) (ISDA Determination) 
apply, subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments and 
Regulatory Obligations), if the relevant rate of interest cannot be determined by reference to the relevant ISDA 
Definitions (including the temporary cessation provisions set out in such ISDA Definitions, which may include 
reference bank quotations), then the rate of interest will be that determined by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). As a result, the return on the Notes may be lower than expected and/or the value of the 
Notes may be adversely affected. 
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the SONIA Index Fallback Provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2.2(I)(3)(a) (SONIA Floating Rate Determination - Non-availability, Adjustments and Regulations 
Obligations) and/or the SOFR Floating Rate Determination provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2.2(J) (SOFR Floating Rate Determination - Non-availability, Adjustments and Regulations Obligations) 
apply, subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments and 
Regulatory Obligations), the relevant SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having 
regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including without limitation, the derivatives 
market). As a result, the return on the Notes may be lower than expected and/or the value of the Notes may be 
adversely affected.

--- Page 33 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-22 
 
 
 
Alternative methods 
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the SONIA Non Index Fallback Provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2.2(I)(3)(a) (SONIA Floating Rate Determination - Non-availability and methodology amendment) 
apply, subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments and 
Regulatory Obligations), the amount of interest payable on such Notes will be determined using (a) the Bank 
of England’s Bank Rate (for the purposes of this paragraph, the Bank Rate) for such day plus the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate, or (b) if the Bank Rate is not available on such day, the SONIA 
rate published for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published. In respect 
of (a), there is no assurance that the characteristics of the Bank Rate and spread calculation will be similar to, 
or will produce the economic equivalent of, the SONIA rate upon which compounded daily SONIA is based. 
If the said spread calculation provisions or alternative provisions for determining the SONIA rate in respect of 
a particular day become applicable, this could result in adverse consequences to the amount of interest payable 
on the Notes, which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for the Notes. 
(3) 
Failure by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer to give notice 
Pursuant to the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions, the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions, the Calculation Agent is required to notify the Issuer of certain 
determinations made in accordance with such provisions, and the Issuer is required to notify holders of the 
Notes thereof or of certain elections to redeem the Notes. However, failure by the Calculation Agent to so 
notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to so notify the holders of the Notes will not affect the validity of any 
such determination or election. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks". 
Interest rate benchmarks play an important role in financial markets and it is therefore critical that benchmarks 
which are used extensively are robust and are based on active, liquid underlying markets. As a consequence, 
interest rates and indices or other figures which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including, but not limited to 
the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR)), have been 
the subject of recent national and international regulatory scrutiny and reform and certain benchmarks such as 
LIBOR have been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active underlying markets and possible 
disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market participants to continue 
contributing to such benchmarks. Contrary to benchmarks such as LIBOR, 'risk-free rates', such as SONIA 
and SOFR, represent deep underlying markets where data inputs can evolve over time to ensure that such 
benchmarks adapt to future changes in money markets and continue to be robust. The reliance of risk-free rates 
on actual transactions as opposed to expert judgement also reduces the conduct risks associated with such 
benchmarks. 
Regulatory authorities and central banks view the overnight risk-free rates as providing the most robust 
benchmark interest rate available and are therefore strongly encouraging the transition away from LIBORs 
and have identified risk-free rates to replace such LIBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes (amongst 
others): 
(i) 
for sterling LIBOR (GBP LIBOR), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA); 
(ii) 
for euro LIBOR (EUR LIBOR), the Euro Short-Term Rate (EuroSTR, ESTR or €STR); and 
(iii) 
for U.S. Dollar LIBOR (USD LIBOR), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR).

--- Page 34 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-23 
 
 
(1) 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation 
The EU Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) and the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended) and regulations made 
thereunder (the UK Benchmarks Regulation, and together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the 
Benchmarks Regulations) are a key element of the ongoing regulatory reform in the EU and the UK and have 
applied since 1 January 2018 and been subject to subsequent amendments.  
In addition to so-called "critical benchmarks" such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign 
exchange rates and certain indices, will in most cases be within scope of both versions of the Benchmarks 
Regulations as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, 
certain financial instruments (including (i) in the case of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, Notes traded on an 
EU regulated market or EU multilateral trading facility (MTF) and (ii) in the case of the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, Notes traded on a UK recognised investment exchange or a UK MTF), and in a number of other 
circumstances.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited) of "benchmarks" provided by administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, 
if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The UK Benchmarks Regulation contains most of the same provisions as the EU Benchmarks Regulation, but 
has narrower geographical scope of application. The UK Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the UK. The 
onus of compliance with the UK Benchmarks Regulation rests on UK benchmark administrators and UK 
supervised entities. 
The ESMA maintains a public register of benchmark administrators and third country benchmarks pursuant to 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the ESMA Register). Benchmark administrators which were authorised, 
registered or recognised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) prior to 31 December 2020 were 
removed from the ESMA Register on 1 January 2021. From 1 January 2021 onwards, the FCA maintains a 
separate public register of benchmark administrators and non-UK benchmarks pursuant to the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation (the UK Register). The UK Register retains UK benchmark administrators which were authorised, 
registered or recognised by the FCA prior to 31 December 2020. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". For example: 
• 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation may not be 
used in certain ways by an EU supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional provisions) its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration from any EU competent authority (or, if a non-
EU entity, does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" pending an equivalence 
decision and the benchmark is not endorsed). If the benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain 
(as applicable) such authorisation or registration or, if a non-EU entity, "equivalence" is not available and 
it is not recognised and the benchmark is not endorsed, then the Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity;  
• 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" within the meaning of the UK Benchmarks Regulation may not be 
used in certain ways by a UK supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional provisions) its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration from the FCA (or, if a non-UK entity, does not 
satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and is not "recognised" pending an equivalence decision and the 
benchmark is not endorsed). If the benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as applicable)

--- Page 35 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-24 
 
 
such authorisation or registration or, if a non-UK entity, "equivalence" is not available and it is not 
recognised and the benchmark is not endorsed, then the Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, and such 
changes could reduce or increase the rate or level or affect the volatility of the published rate or level, and 
(depending on the terms of the particular Notes) could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes as the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary or appropriate. 
Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" 
and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on 
certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the 
"benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" and/or (iii) lead to 
the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result 
of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark" and the Calculation Agent may 
be entitled to make corresponding adjustments to the conditions of the Notes. 
(2) 
Discontinuance and replacement of Interbank Offered Rates 
Certain base rates, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, are the subject of ongoing national and international 
regulatory scrutiny and reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, while others are still to be 
implemented or formulated as follows: 
 
LIBOR 
LIBOR (published in 7 maturities and 5 currencies) ceased or became non-representative of the underlying 
market and economic reality that such rate is intended to measure immediately after 31 December 2021, with 
the exception of certain USD LIBOR settings, for which this will occur immediately after 30 June 2023. 
Investors should refer to the ‘Investment Considerations’ section for more information on the cessation or non-
representativeness of LIBOR. 
The EU has also amended the EU Benchmarks Regulation to include a power for regulators to designate one 
or more replacement benchmarks in certain limited circumstances for critical benchmarks or systemically 
important benchmarks where certain triggers are satisfied, relating to non-representativeness, cessation or 
orderly wind-down of the benchmark or where its use by supervised entities in the European Union is no longer 
permitted. This legislation is also primarily intended to assist contracts that do not have fallbacks or do not 
have suitable fallbacks for permanent cessation. Implementing regulations designating a statutory replacement 
rate for certain settings of Swiss Franc LIBOR (CHF LIBOR) and for the benchmark Euro overnight index 
average (EONIA) were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 22 October 2021 and have 
applied from 1 January 2022 and 3 January 2022, respectively. 
The New York (NY) legislation originally proposed by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the 
ARRC) to assist the transition of certain financial contracts governed by NY law which reference USD LIBOR 
(among other things) provides that, by operation of law, any contract that has a fallback based on USD LIBOR 
or no fallback will fallback to the recommended benchmark replacement plus spread adjustment. A United 
States federal legislative solution may also be enacted in the future. Absent this, the application of the New 
York legislative solution will however be limited. 
Whilst the above proposed legislative solutions may assist some tough legacy trades, regulators have made 
clear that they are not an alternative to active transition. Parties who rely on potential legislative solutions will 
not have control over the economic terms of that action. Also there is a risk that such legislative solutions may 
not be effective in time, may not be able to address all issues or be practicable in all circumstances and the

--- Page 36 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-25 
 
 
existence of different solutions in different jurisdictions could also give rise to potential conflicts of law in the 
absence of harmonisation. 
 
EURIBOR 
Unlike LIBOR, EURIBOR is expected to continue to be published by the European Money Markets Institute 
(EMMI) past 2021, using a reformed or hybrid methodology, in compliance with the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. However, no assurance can be given this will be the case and any changes may result in payments 
under the Notes being different from those originally anticipated, and could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on the Notes. The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a 
set of guiding principles and, on 11 May 2021, its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in 
relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
Investors should understand the risks on the fallbacks outlined in the risk factor "Key risks relating to the 
reform and eventual replacements of IBORs with risk free rates" below. 
(3) 
IBOR transition and risks relating to anticipatory trigger events 
For any Notes where the reference rate or benchmark is a LIBOR, the announcements by the FCA and IBA on 
5 March 2021 that all LIBOR settings will cease to be published or will no longer be representative may have 
triggered certain fallback provisions (such trigger being an anticipatory trigger). Whilst fallback provisions 
may have been triggered, the effective date and consequences of such fallbacks may not take effect until after 
the date of such announcements. Consequences of such fallbacks may require the Calculation Agent or the 
Issuer (or both) to identify a replacement rate or benchmark, calculate a spread to be applied to the replacement 
rate or benchmark, make adjustments and fulfil other related obligations under relevant fallback provisions in 
the Conditions. The Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may make all determinations and/or adjustments in 
respect of the Notes as are provided for in connection with the occurrence of an anticipatory trigger, 
notwithstanding that such anticipatory trigger may have occurred before the Issue Date of the Notes. The 
Calculation Agent will give notice to holders of the Notes prior to making changes to the terms of the Notes 
but may not give notice significantly in advance. Holders of the Notes should ensure that they read the fallback 
provisions applicable to their particular Notes and the related risk factors in light of this possibility. Whilst an 
anticipatory trigger may not result in the immediate replacement of the applicable rate or benchmark with a 
successor rate or benchmark, when changes are made there is a risk that the return on the Notes will be 
adversely affected (including that holders of the Notes receive a significantly lower amount of interest) or that 
the Notes may be early redeemed. 
(4) 
Key risks relating to the reform and eventual replacements of IBORs with risk free rates 
The reform and eventual replacement of IBORs with risk-free rates may cause the relevant IBOR to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
of these developments could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Notes linked to any 
such rates and in addition, the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations could be impacted 
materially adversely and/or it could be subject to disputes, litigation or other actions with counterparties or 
relative participants.  
The risk-free rates have different calculation methodologies and other important differences from the IBORs 
they will eventually replace (see “Differences in methodologies” below). Market terms for Notes linked to 
such "risk free rates" may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-
issued Notes as a result. Furthermore, if the relevant risk-free rate (such as SONIA or SOFR) fails to gain 
market acceptance or does not prove to be widely used in the capital markets, the trading price of Notes linked 
to risk free rates may be lower than those of Notes linked to rates that are more widely used and as a result, a 
holder may not be able to sell its Notes at all or may not be able to sell its Notes at prices that will provide the 
holder with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk.

--- Page 37 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-26 
 
 
To the extent that any Notes reference an IBOR, prospective investors in Notes should understand (i) what 
fallbacks might apply in place of such rate (if any), (ii) when those fallbacks will be triggered and (iii) what 
unilateral amending rights (if any) on the part of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent apply under the terms of 
such Notes. See the risk factors set out below. 
(5) 
Differences in methodologies 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR, EURIBOR or other IBORs in a number of material respects, including 
(without limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases and being calculated on a compounded or 
weighted average basis, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, prospective investors should be 
aware that LIBOR, EURIBOR and other interbank offered rates and any risk-free rates may behave materially 
differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is not determined until the end of the 
relevant interest calculation period. Therefore, a holder may be unable to reliably estimate in advance the 
amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Also, some investors may be unable or unwilling to 
trade such Notes without changes to their information technology or other operational systems, which could 
adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, if such Notes become due and payable following an 
Event of Default, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date and accrued 
interest is payable on redemption of the Notes, the final Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes shall be 
determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become 
due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
(6) 
Developing markets for SONIA, SOFR and €STR and potential impact on performance and returns 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates in the 
capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar or euro bonds, respectively, and their adoption as alternatives to the 
relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring 
alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including term SONIA, SOFR and €STR reference rates 
(which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate, SOFR or €STR over a 
designated term). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-free rates issued under 
this Base Prospectus. For example, in respect of SONIA, while the Conditions include a compounded daily 
SONIA formula and there have been a number of capital markets issuances to date referencing compounded 
daily SONIA, on 3 August 2020 the Bank of England began publishing the SONIA daily Compounded Index, 
the methodology for which differs from that set out in the Conditions. Term SONIA reference rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term) have been 
published from January 2021 and term SOFR rates have also become available for use. It is possible that 
market participants may seek to apply such compounded rates or term rates for capital markets issuances, 
although UK authorities have made clear their preference for the market to adopt a broad-based transition to 
SONIA compounded in arrears for new transactions, with use of a term SONIA reference rate being more 
limited than current use of LIBOR. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or other risk-free rates that 
differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA, SOFR, €STR 
or other risk-free rate referenced Notes issued by it under this Base Prospectus.  
The development of new risk-free rates could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base Prospectus 
from time to time.

--- Page 38 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-27 
 
 
The new risk free rates may have no established trading market, and an established trading market may never 
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for Notes indexed to the new risk free rates may evolve over 
time, and may lead to impacts on trading prices and values, and such Notes may not be able to be sold or may 
not be able to be sold at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Similarly, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Any prospective investor and any holder of Notes should carefully consider how 
any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which it may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
Interest on Notes linked to USD LIBOR will be calculated using a Benchmark Replacement selected by the 
Calculation Agent if a Benchmark Transition Event occurs 
(1) 
USD LIBOR may be replaced by a successor or substitute interest rate 
If the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions apply pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy 
Provisions, Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations), and if the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to USD 
LIBOR, then a Benchmark Replacement will be determined by the Calculation Agent and substituted for USD 
LIBOR for all purposes of the Notes (for an overview of how the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions apply, see 
"The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Notes are linked will result 
in the application of certain fallback provisions" above). Such a determination and any related decisions, 
determinations or elections made by the Calculation Agent in connection with implementing a Benchmark 
Replacement with respect to the Notes could result in adverse consequences to the relevant rate of interest, 
which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for the Notes.  
(2) 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and the potential reliance on SOFR to determine the 
rate of interest may adversely affect the return on and the market value of the Notes 
Pursuant to the terms of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.5 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions), if the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to USD LIBOR, then an alternative rate based on SOFR (if it can be determined 
and assuming no interpolated benchmark is available) will be substituted for USD LIBOR for all purposes of 
the Notes (unless a Benchmark Transition Event also occurs with respect to the Benchmark Replacements that 
are linked to SOFR, in which case the next-available Benchmark Replacement will be used). In the following 
discussion of SOFR, when we refer to SOFR-linked Notes, we mean Notes at any time when the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement is based on SOFR.  
(3) 
SOFR differs fundamentally from, and may not be a comparable replacement for, USD LIBOR 
The NY Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018 and began publishing SOFR Averages (a SOFR 
Index) in March 2020. Term SOFR is provided by CME Group and was formally recommended by the ARRC 
in July 2021 for use in certain areas, in particular, where use of overnight SOFR or SOFR Averages has proven 
difficult. SOFR is intended to be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralised by 
Treasury securities. The NY Federal Reserve reports that SOFR includes all trades in the Broad General 
Collateral Rate, plus bilateral Treasury repurchase agreement (repo) transactions cleared through the delivery-
versus-payment service offered by the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (the FICC), a subsidiary of The 
Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC). SOFR is filtered by The NY Federal Reserve to remove a 
portion of the foregoing transactions considered to be "specials". According to The NY Federal Reserve, 
"specials" are repos for specific-issue collateral which take place at cash-lending rates below those for general 
collateral repos because cash providers are willing to accept a lesser return on their cash in order to obtain a

--- Page 39 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-28 
 
 
particular security. The NY Federal Reserve reports that SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted median of 
transaction-level tri-party repo data collected from The Bank of New York Mellon, which currently acts as the 
clearing bank for the tri-party repo market, as well as General Collateral Finance Repo transaction data and 
data on bilateral Treasury repo transactions cleared through the FICC's delivery-versus-payment service. The 
NY Federal Reserve notes that it obtains information from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of DTCC. 
SOFR differs fundamentally from LIBOR. For example, SOFR is a secured overnight rate, while USD LIBOR 
is an unsecured rate that represents interbank funding over different maturities. In addition, because SOFR is 
a transaction-based rate, it is backward-looking, whereas USD LIBOR is forward-looking. Because of these 
and other differences, there can be no assurance that the SOFR will perform in the same way as USD LIBOR 
would have done at any time, and there is no guarantee that it is a comparable substitute for USD LIBOR. 
Furthermore, the NY Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to 
important limitations, indemnification obligations and disclaimers, including that the NY Federal Reserve may 
alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any 
time without notice. There can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered 
in a manner that is materially adverse to holders of SOFR-linked Notes. If the manner in which SOFR is 
calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance may adversely affect the return 
on and value of the relevant Notes. 
(4) 
No reliance on historical data  
Although the NY Federal Reserve has also begun publishing historical indicative SOFR going back to 2014, 
such pre-publication historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. 
Prospective investors and holders of Notes should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an 
indicator of the future performance of SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate 
have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates. As a result, 
the return on and value of SOFR-linked Notes may fluctuate more than floating rate securities that are linked 
to less volatile rates. 
(5) 
The Calculation Agent may make determinations or elections that could adversely affect the return on, 
value of and market for Notes linked to USD LIBOR 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to USD LIBOR, then it may make certain determinations, 
decisions and elections with respect to the rate of interest on such Notes. Any such determination, decision or 
election could affect the amount of interest payable on such Notes. For example, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, 
then it will determine, among other things, the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any exercise 
of discretion by the Calculation Agent under the terms and conditions of the Notes, could present a conflict of 
interest. In making the determinations, decisions and elections, the Calculation Agent may have economic 
interests that are adverse to the interests of the holders of the Notes, and such determinations, decisions or 
elections could have a material adverse effect on the return on, value of and market for such Notes. All 
determinations, decisions or elections by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Benchmark Transition 
Provisions will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Calculation Agent and shall become effective without consent from the holders of Notes or any other party. 
(6) 
Interim adjustments 
If, following a Benchmark Transition Event but prior to any adjustments or replacement having occurred, the 
relevant USD Benchmark is required for any determination in respect of the Notes and at that time, a 
Benchmark Replacement and any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment have not been determined and relevant 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes have not been made and:

--- Page 40 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-29 
 
 
(A) 
if the USD Benchmark is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or regulation for 
the Notes to reference the USD Benchmark and for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to use the 
USD Benchmark, the USD Benchmark shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to 
the determination of the USD Benchmark as if no Benchmark Transition Event had occurred; or 
(B) 
if the USD Benchmark is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Notes to reference the USD Benchmark or for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
to use the USD Benchmark, the USD Benchmark shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion, after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or 
successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or 
successor rate for USD LIBOR of the relevant tenor or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-
accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, a substitute or successor rate that it 
determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the USD Benchmark, taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market).  
To the extent that any Notes reference a USD Benchmark with respect to which a Benchmark Transition Event 
is likely to occur during the term of such Notes, prospective investors should be aware that the consequence 
of the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event described above will be realised if such a Benchmark 
Transition Event occurs and the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions apply pursuant to Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations). 
The interests of the Calculation Agent in making the determinations described above may be adverse to the 
interests of a holder of Notes. The selection of a Benchmark Replacement, and any decisions made by the 
Calculation Agent in connection with implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the Notes, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Notes. Further, there is no assurance that 
the characteristics of any Benchmark Replacement will be similar to the relevant USD Benchmark or that any 
Benchmark Replacement will produce the economic equivalent of such USD Benchmark. In particular, any of 
these fallback provisions may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over 
time with, the payments that would have been made on the relevant Notes if the previous rate had continued 
being published in its current form. 
Interest on Notes linked to a Reference Rate will be calculated using a Replacement Reference Rate selected 
by the Calculation Agent if a Reference Rate Event occurs 
(1) 
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
If the Reference Rate Event Provisions apply pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy 
Provisions, Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations), there is a risk that a Reference Rate Event may occur 
in respect of such Reference Rate (for an overview of how the Reference Rate Event Provisions apply, see 
"The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Notes are linked will result 
in the application of certain fallback provisions" above). 
It is uncertain as to if or when a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of a Reference Rate and the 
circumstances which could trigger such an event are outside of the Issuer’s control. Whether a Reference Rate 
Event has occurred will be determined by the Calculation Agent, and any subsequent use of a replacement 
Reference Rate is likely to result in changes to the Conditions (which could be extensive) and/or interest or 
other payments under the Notes that are lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the 
payments that could have been made on such Notes if the relevant Reference Rate remained available in its 
current form. 
Subject to the Conditions, each holder of the Notes will bear the risks arising from any such change and will 
not be entitled to any form of compensation as a result of any such change.

--- Page 41 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-30 
 
 
(2) 
Determination of alternative benchmark and any Adjustment Spread 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate, 
it will:  
(A) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate;  
(B) 
calculate the adjustment, if any, to the Replacement Reference Rate that it determines is required in 
order to reduce any transfer of economic value from (i) the Issuer to the Noteholders or (ii) the 
Noteholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (an Adjustment Spread);  
(C) 
determine such other amendments to the Notes which it considers are necessary and/or appropriate in 
order to account for the effect of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the Replacement 
Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread); and 
(D) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread and such other 
adjustments will become effective in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Prospective investors should be aware that  
(A) 
the application of any Replacement Reference Rate (notwithstanding the inclusion of any Adjustment 
Spread), together with any consequential amendments (or, if applicable, any changes made following a 
material change), could result in a lower amount being payable than would otherwise have been the 
case;  
(B) 
more than one possible replacement rate may exist and if so it is possible that the Calculation Agent 
may select the least favourable replacement rate. In the case of IBOR linked swap rates, there is currently 
no industry-wide approach for dealing with the discontinuance or non-representativeness of such swap 
rates across all currencies and a complete consensus does not exist as to what rate or rates may become 
accepted replacements. It is impossible to predict the effect of any such replacements on the value of 
the Notes. Additionally, even where administrators have published new swap rates linked to risk free 
rates, there can be no guarantee that such rates will be liquid or recognised or acknowledged as being 
an industry standard, and the method by which such new swap rates are calculated may change in the 
future. Consequently, the outcomes of determinations by the Calculation Agent may be unpredictable 
and the exercise of discretion by the Calculation Agent may adversely affect the market value of, and 
return (if any) on, the Notes; 
(C) 
any such Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by any Adjustment Spread) and any consequential 
amendments (or, if applicable, any changes made following a material change) shall apply without 
requiring the consent of the holders of Notes; and  
(D) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to adjust the terms 
of the Notes to account for the effect of any Reference Rate Event or to identify a Replacement 
Reference Rate or calculate an Adjustment Spread, then absent a determination that no Replacement 
Reference Rate or other amendments to the terms of the Notes are required, the Notes may, at the Isuer’s 
option, be the subject of an early redemption, in which case a holder may lose some or all of its 
investment. There is no guarantee that a Replacement Reference Rate will be identified or that an 
Adjustment Spread will be calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and/or determined pursuant to a formula or 
methodology. There can be no assurance that the replacement adjustment will fully mitigate the transfer of 
economic value between the Issuer and holders and the proposed replacement adjustments are not intended, or 
able, to replicate the dynamic bank credit risk premium embedded in an IBOR.

--- Page 42 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-31 
 
 
(3) 
Interim adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any adjustments or replacement having occurred, the relevant 
Reference Rate is required for any determination in respect of the Notes and at that time, no amendments have 
occurred in accordance with the foregoing and: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or regulation for the 
Notes to reference the Reference Rate and for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to use the 
Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would 
apply to the determination of the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or regulation 
for the Notes to reference the Reference Rate or for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to use the 
Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion, after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or 
successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or 
successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate (including any temporary substitute or successor rate) or 
the rate published at the relevant time on the last day on which the Reference Rate was published or was 
permitted to be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation (the Last Permitted Rate) or (b) 
if it determines there is no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate 
or the use of the Last Permitted Rate would not produce a commercially reasonable result, a substitute 
or successor rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the Reference Rate, taking 
into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market).  
To the extent that any Notes reference a Reference Rate with respect to which a Reference Rate Event is likely 
to occur during the term of such Notes, prospective investors should be aware that the consequence of the 
occurrence of a Reference Rate Event described above will be realised if such a Reference Rate Event occurs. 
The interests of the Calculation Agent in making the determinations described above may be adverse to the 
interests of a holder of Notes. The selection of a Replacement Reference Rate, and any decisions made by the 
Calculation Agent in connection with implementing a Replacement Reference Rate with respect to the Notes, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Notes. Further, there is no assurance that 
the characteristics of any Replacement Reference Rate will be similar to the relevant Reference Rate or that 
any Replacement Reference Rate will produce the economic equivalent of such Reference Rate. In particular, 
any of these fallback provisions may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise 
correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the relevant Notes if the previous rate 
had continued being published in its current form. 
Risks relating to the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
The occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (if applicable) in respect of any relevant Benchmark 
may mean adjustments are made to the Notes which may include selecting one or more successor benchmarks 
and making related adjustments to the Notes, including if applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer 
of providing exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s). Alternatively, early 
redemption of the Notes may apply. For an overview of how the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions 
apply, see "The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Notes are linked 
will result in the application of certain fallback provisions" above. Any such adjustment may have an adverse 
effect on the value of, return on or market for the Notes, and if the Notes are early redeemed, the amount repaid 
to a holder could be substantially less than its initial investment and a holder could therefore sustain a loss.

--- Page 43 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-32 
 
 
Swap Rates may be materially amended or discontinued 
More generally, Swap Rates (as defined below) may be subject to reform in the future. These reforms may 
cause one or more Swap Rate(s) to be discontinued, to be modified, or to be subject to other changes. Any 
such consequence could also have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Notes the payout of 
which is dependent on the performance of such Swap Rate. 
EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, USD LIBOR and other "IBORs" and certain risk-free rates are used as the floating 
leg in the calculation of certain swap rates (collectively, the Swap Rates, and each a Swap Rate), respectively. 
Consequently, if the calculation methodologies of EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, USD LIBOR and/or other 
relevant "IBORs" are reformed, this could have a material effect on the calculation of the relevant Swap 
Rate(s). Furthermore, if or when EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, USD LIBOR and/or other relevant "IBORs" are 
discontinued (as described above), it may not be possible to calculate the relevant Swap Rate(s), and different 
fallback provisions would apply based on the fallback provisions described in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations). Such fallback provisions will 
be applied in the order set out therein. This will mean that, where ISDA Determination applies, any permanent 
cessation fallback provisions included as part of the applicable ISDA Definitions will not apply. In this regard 
it is worth noting that IBA ceased publication of GBP LIBOR ICE Swap Rate for all tenors immediately after 
publication on 31 December 2021 and expects to consult on the potential cessation of USD LIBOR ICE Swap 
Rate in due course. Publication of the Tokyo Swap Rate (as presented on Eikon page <17143> and other RICs) 
ceased immediately following publication on 30 December 2021. 
Progress towards identifying appropriate fallbacks to apply following the discontinuance or non-
representativeness of Swap Rates comprising EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, USD LIBOR and/or other relevant 
"IBORs" has not occurred at the same rate across all currencies. For example, on 23 July 2021, ISDA 
announced the results of its consultation on fallbacks for the GBP LIBOR ICE Swap Rate and the USD LIBOR 
ICE Swap Rate (the ISDA Consultation). The results indicated that a significant majority of respondents 
agreed with the fallback provisions set out in the draft amendments attached to the ISDA Consultation, which 
implement the fallbacks suggested by the Non-Linear Task Force (NLTF) of the Working Group on Sterling 
Risk-Free Reference Rates in the UK and a Subcommittee of the ARRC in the US. The fallbacks are first to a 
published ‘all-in’ fallback rate that is calculated in accordance with the methodology suggested by NLTF or 
ARRC (as applicable) or, if such a published fallback rate is not available, then to a calculation performed by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the applicable methodology. In contrast, Refinitiv published its own 
consultation on 19 April 2021 inviting feedback on the introduction of a new TONA based total return swap, 
and the design of a fallback rate for use in swap rate products that currently reference Japanese Yen LIBOR 
(JPY LIBOR). Pursuant to the results of its consultation, Refinitiv launched a TONA-based Tokyo Swap Rate 
(TSR) in October 2021 following a prototype period as well as the Tokyo Swap Rate Fallback settings intended 
for adoption by users of Tokyo Swap Rate that have legacy JPY LIBOR TSR contracts that mature after 2021. 
ISDA has prepared updates to the 2006 ISDA Definitions and the 2021 ISDA Definitions in relation to these 
fallbacks.  
Even where progress has been made towards identifying appropriate fallbacks and administrators have 
published new swap rates linked to risk free rates, such as the GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate launched by the 
IBA on 14 December 2020, there can be no guarantee that such rates will be liquid, and the method by which 
such new swap rates are calculated may change in the future. Consequently, the outcomes of determinations 
made by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent following a Reference Rate Event in respect of a relevant 
Swap Rate may be unpredictable and the exercise of discretion by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent may 
adversely affect the market value of, and return (if any) on, the Notes. Further, there is no assurance that the 
characteristics of any Replacement Reference Rate will be similar to the relevant Swap Rate, or that the 
Replacement Reference Rate will produce the economic equivalent of the relevant Swap Rate. 
In any event, prior to any date of actual cessation or non-representativeness in respect of a relevant Swap Rate, 
the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event in respect of a relevant Swap Rate may discourage market 
participants from contributing to the underlying instruments, such as constant maturity swaps, by reference to

--- Page 44 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-33 
 
 
which such Swap Rate is determined. Consequently, there may be inconsistent, limited or no liquidity in such 
instruments. This may happen more frequently as the relevant date of actual cessation or non-
representativeness approaches. In particular, this may occur at times when the Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent is required to make a determination in respect of such rate under the Notes, and may adversely affect 
the market value of, and return (if any) on, such Notes. 
The Calculation Agent may make consequential changes to the Conditions if the methodology of a relevant 
rate is amended 
In the event that the administrator of a rate referenced by Floating Rate Notes amends the methodology of such 
Rate (including, without limitation, amendments to the time of publication of the relevant rate), the Calculation 
Agent may but shall not be required to make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions not 
otherwise provided for in the Reference Rate Event Provisions, Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions, 
SRD Fallback Provisions, ISDA Determination provisions, SONIA Non Index Fallback provisions, SONIA 
Index Fallback Provisions or SOFR Fallback provisions (including, without limitation, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, 
if the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner 
as the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary). Investors should be aware that such changes to 
the Conditions may adversely affect the market value of, and return (if any) on, such Notes. 
Risks in connection with "Shift" and "Lag" methodologies 
Where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which 
the Interest Rate is to be determined and except where Index Determination applies, the Observation Method 
will be specified as "Shift" or "Lag" as applicable. Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined and except where 
Index Determination applies, as applicable either “Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)” or “Compounded Daily 
SONIA (Lag)” will be specified. "Shift" and "Lag" have emerged as conventions for daily compounding of 
rates in arrears. The conventions differ in the period that each method uses when weighting each business day's 
overnight rate for the relevant risk free rate. The "Shift" approach weights the relevant risk free rate according 
to the relevant number of days that apply in a separate observation period which 'shadows' the Interest Period 
e.g, in the case of SOFR Floating Rate Determination the observation period might start and end five business 
days preceding the relevant start and end of the Interest Period.  In the case of SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination, the observation period will start and end five business days preceding the relevant start and 
end of the Interest Period. The "Lag" approach weights the relevant risk free rate according to the number of 
days that apply in the relevant Interest Period. Investors should be aware that divergence between the "Shift" 
and "Lag" methodologies could lead to a difference in the interest being determined even where the relevant 
risk free rate is the same for the Notes and may not be what investors expected.  
Methodologies for determining interest payable in respect of Notes linked to SONIA or SOFR may differ 
substantially 
The amount of interest payable in respect of Notes linked to SONIA or SOFR will be calculated by reference 
to (i) the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily SONIA or SOFR, as applicable, 
as the reference rate for the calculation of interest); or (ii) where Index Determination applies, a screen rate, 
formula or value as may be published by the administrator of SONIA or SOFR, as applicable. There can be no 
assurance that amounts of interest determined pursuant to (i) and (ii) will be similar, and over time the market 
may adopt an application of these methodologies that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions. 
Further, investors should refer to “Developing markets for SONIA, SOFR and €STR and potential impact on 
performance and returns” above for a description of the key risks relating to the development of risk free rates 
across the market generally.

--- Page 45 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-34 
 
 
Risks in investing in the form of certificateless depositary interests in CREST 
Investors may also hold indirect interests in Notes through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known 
as CRESTCo Limited) (CREST) through the issuance of CREST Depository Interests (CDIs) issued, held, 
settled and transferred through CREST. CDIs are independent securities constituted under English law and 
transferred through CREST and will be issued by CREST Depository Limited (the CREST Depository) to 
investors (CDI Holders) pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (as subsequently modified, 
supplemented and/or restated) (the CREST Deed Poll).  
The rights of CDI Holders to Notes are represented by the relevant entitlements against the CREST Depository 
which (through CREST International Nominees Limited or any other body appointed to act as nominee on 
behalf of the CREST Depository (the CREST Nominee)) holds interests in such Notes. Accordingly, rights 
under Notes underlying CDIs cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly through the intermediary 
depositaries and custodians. The enforcement of rights under such Notes will be subject to the local law of the 
relevant intermediaries. This could result in an elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise would 
have been made in respect of such Notes in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of any of the relevant 
intermediaries, in particular where Notes held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose accounts and 
are fungible with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant 
intermediaries. 
The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the Issuer, including the CREST Deed Poll. Potential investors should note that the 
provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual and the CREST Rules (each as described in section 
D.5 below) contain indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings to be given by CDI Holders and 
limitations on the liability of the CREST Depository. CDI Holders are bound by such provisions and may incur 
liabilities pursuant to or resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, representations and 
undertakings in excess of the amounts originally invested by them. As a result, the rights of and returns 
received by CDI Holders may differ from those of holders of Notes which are not represented by CDIs. 
In addition, CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to the CREST Depository 
in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links Service (as defined in section D.5 
below). These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the provision 
of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be 
or become payable in connection with the holding of Notes through the CREST International Settlement Links 
Service. 
Potential investors should note that none of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, any Dealer, any distributor, any 
Paying Agent, the Registrar and any Transfer Agent will have any responsibility for the performance by any 
intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations 
under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
Risks Relating to Renminbi Notes 
Notes denominated in Renminbi (Renminbi Notes) may be issued under the Programme. Prospective 
investors should carefully take into account the following considerations, in addition to the other information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, before investing in the Renminbi Notes.  Renminbi Notes contain particular 
risks for potential investors, including: 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible and there are still significant restrictions on remittance of 
Renminbi into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of investments in Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible as of the date of this Base Prospectus.  The government of the 
PRC (the PRC Government) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies.

--- Page 46 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-35 
 
 
Although starting from 1 October 2016, the Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket 
created by the International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle 
cross-border transactions in foreign currencies were implemented by the People's Bank of China in 2018, there 
is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise control over cross border 
remittance of Renminbi in the future, that any pilot schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be 
discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of 
restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. Further, if any new PRC 
regulations are promulgated in the future which have the effect of permitting or restricting (as the case may 
be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of transactions categorised as capital account items, then such 
remittances will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or restrictions set out in such rules. In 
the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under 
Renminbi Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of Renminbi 
Notes and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such Renminbi Notes 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.  The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC 
may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Notes.  To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside 
the PRC to service the Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such 
Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all.  If Renminbi is not available in certain circumstances as described in 
the Conditions applicable to Renminbi Notes, the Issuer can make payments in U.S. dollars or other specified 
currencies as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is 
affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. 
All payments of interest, principal or instalments of principal in respect of Notes which are Instalment Notes, 
with respect to Renminbi Notes will be made in Renminbi unless otherwise specified in the Conditions.  As a 
result, the value of these Renminbi payments in other foreign currency terms may vary with the changes in the 
prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace.  If the value of Renminbi depreciates against other foreign 
currencies, the value of investment in other applicable foreign currency terms will decline. 
In the event that access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of RMB Inconvertibility, 
RMB Non-Transferability or RMB Illiquidity (as defined in the Conditions), it is impossible, impractical, 
illegal or impracticable for the Issuer (or, if applicable, any party to a Hedge Position), to pay interest, principal 
or instalments of principal in respect of Notes which are Instalment Notes in Renminbi, the Conditions allow 
the Issuer to delay such payment in Renminbi until certain time after the relevant RMB Currency Event ceases 
to exist or to make payment in U.S. dollars or other specified foreign currency at the prevailing spot rate of 
exchange, all as provided in more detail in the Conditions.  As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments 
may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace.  If the value of Renminbi depreciates against 
the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of a holder's investment in U.S. dollar or other foreign 
currency terms will decline.  
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to interest rate risk 
The value of Renminbi payments under Renminbi Notes may be susceptible to interest rate fluctuations 
occurring within and outside the PRC. The PRC Government has gradually liberalised the regulation of interest 
rates in recent years.  Further liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate 
for Renminbi in markets outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the 
PRC as a result of foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market 
conditions. The Renminbi Notes may carry a fixed interest rate.  Consequently, the trading price of such

--- Page 47 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-36 
 
 
Renminbi Notes will vary with fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates.  If a holder of Renminbi Notes tries to 
sell any Renminbi Notes before their maturity, they may receive an offer that is less than the amount invested. 
Payments in respect of Renminbi Notes will only be made to investors in the manner specified in the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in the RMB Settlement Centre(s).  All Renminbi payments to 
investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are 
represented by Global Registered Note Certificates held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in the RMB Settlement 
Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures, or 
(ii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained 
in the RMB Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations.  Other than described in 
the Conditions, the Issuer cannot be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other 
currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
An investment in Renminbi Notes is subject to risk of change in the regulatory regime governing the issuance 
of Renminbi Notes 
Renminbi Notes issuance is subject to laws and regulations of the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), any 
change in the Chinese government’s policy or the regulatory regime governing the issuance of RMB-
denominated debt instruments may adversely affect the Renminbi Notes. 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of Notes linked to one or more Underlying(s) 
The amounts due and/or value of any assets to be delivered in respect of the Notes at any time prior to the 
relevant maturity date is typically expected to be less than the trading price of such Notes at that time.  The 
difference between the trading price and such amounts due and/or value of any assets to be delivered, as the 
case may be, will reflect, among other things, the "time value" of the Notes.  The "time value" of the Notes 
will depend partly upon the length of the period remaining to maturity and expectations concerning the 
creditworthiness or value of any Underlying(s).  Notes offer hedging and investment diversification 
opportunities but also pose some additional risks with regard to interim value.  The interim value of Notes 
varies as the creditworthiness or value of the Underlying(s) varies, as well as due to a number of other 
interrelated factors, including those specified in this Base Prospectus. 
An investment in Notes linked to one or more Underlying(s) may have significant risks that are not associated 
with a similar investment in a conventional security such as a debt instrument that: 
• 
has a pre-determined specified principal amount; 
• 
is denominated and/or settled in the investor's currency; and 
• 
bears interest at either a fixed or a floating interest rate based on nationally published interest rate 
references. 
The risks associated with a particular Note linked to one or more Underlying(s) will generally depend on 
factors over which neither of the Issuer nor the CGMHI Guarantor has any control and which cannot readily 
be foreseen.  These risks include: 
• 
economic events;

--- Page 48 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-37 
 
 
• 
political events; and  
• 
the supply of, and demand for, and any actual or perceived expectations concerning the value of 
obligations of or the creditworthiness of, any relevant Underlying(s). 
General risks and risks relating to Underlying(s) 
Notes linked to the credit risk or value of Underlying(s) involve a high degree of risk, which may include, 
among others, interest rate, foreign exchange, time value and political risks. Prospective purchasers of such 
Notes should recognise that their Notes, other than any Notes that include fixed recovery or minimum 
redemption provisions or otherwise have a minimum redemption value, may be worthless on redemption. 
Purchasers should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase price of their Notes, except to the extent 
any fixed recovery or minimum redemption provisions are applicable to such Notes. See "Certain factors 
affecting the value and trading price of Notes linked to one or more Underlying(s)" above and "Certain risks 
associated with Notes relating to inflation indices" below. 
The risk of the loss of some or all of the purchase price of a Note linked to one or more Underlying(s) upon 
redemption means that, in order to recover and realise a return upon their investment, a purchaser of a Note 
must generally be correct about the creditworthiness or value of the relevant Underlying(s). Assuming all other 
factors are held constant, the lower the value of such a Note and the shorter its remaining term to maturity, the 
greater the risk that purchasers of such Notes will lose all or part of their investment. The only means through 
which a Noteholder can realise value from a Note prior to the maturity date in relation to such Note is to sell 
it at its then market price in an available secondary market. See "The Secondary Market" generally below. 
Prospective investors should understand that although the Notes do not create an actual interest in, or 
ownership of, the relevant Underlying(s), the return on the Notes may attract certain of the same risks as an 
actual investment in obligations of the relevant Underlying(s). 
Fluctuations in the value or creditworthiness, as applicable, of the relevant Underlying(s) or in the yield (if 
applicable), the relevant rates of exchange between the currency of investment and any other currencies 
specified in the terms of the Notes (if applicable), the obligations or creditworthiness of any other entity or 
other items which comprise or relate to any such Underlying(s) will affect the value of the relevant Notes. 
Purchasers of Notes risk losing their entire investment if the creditworthiness or value of any relevant 
Underlying(s) or any entity or other items comprising or relating to any such Underlying(s) moves contrary to 
their expectations in investing in the Notes. 
A Note will not represent a claim against any Underlying and, in the event that the amount paid on redemption 
of the Notes is less than the nominal amount of the Notes, a Noteholder will not have recourse under any 
relevant Note to any entity, obligation or other item which may comprise or be related to the relevant 
Underlying(s) in respect of such Notes. Although the performance and creditworthiness of the relevant 
Underlying(s) will have an effect on the market value of the Notes and ultimately their value at redemption, 
the obligations of any relevant Underlying(s) and the Notes are separate obligations of different legal entities. 
Except in respect of Notes that are Physical Delivery Notes and where such Notes are settled by physical 
settlement, investors will have no legal or beneficial interest in any obligations (direct or indirect) of any 
relevant Underlying(s). The Issuer is not an agent of Noteholders for any purpose and Noteholders will not 
have any voting or other rights in relation to such obligations. The Issuer does not grant any security interest 
over any such obligations. 
The Notes will only redeem at an amount equivalent to at least par if the applicable Issue Terms provide for 
the Redemption Amount at maturity to be an amount equivalent to at least such amount and the Notes have 
not otherwise been redeemed or repaid early in accordance with their terms. However, investors should note 
that this is subject to the credit risk of the Issuer. Furthermore, where the Notes are traded or redeemed early, 
the price for which such Notes may be sold or redeemed early may be less than the principal amount 
outstanding of such Note and/or an investor’s initial investment in such Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-38 
 
 
Certain risks associated with Notes relating to inflation indices 
Investors in Notes relating to inflation indices should be familiar with investments in global capital markets 
and with indices generally.   
The risks of a particular Note relating to inflation indices will depend on the terms of that Note. Many economic 
and market factors may influence an inflation index and consequently the value of Notes relating to inflation 
indices, including: 
• 
general economic, financial, political or regulatory conditions and/or events; and/or 
• 
fluctuations in the prices of various assets, goods, services and energy resources (including in response 
to supply of, and demand for, any of them); and/or 
• 
the level of inflation in the economy of the relevant country and expectations of inflation. 
In particular, the level of an inflation index may be affected by factors unconnected with the financial markets. 
Any such factor may either offset or magnify one or more of the other factors. 
The performance of an inflation index will affect the amounts payable in respect of Notes relating to inflation 
indices and may result in investors receiving less than their original investment and/or no return on their 
investment, or in certain circumstances zero.   
The rate of interest (if any) payable in respect of inflation index-linked interest Notes will vary for each interest 
payment due and may be less than that which would be payable on a conventional fixed rate, non-callable debt 
security of the Issuer of comparable maturity. 
Adjustments and Early Redemption in relation to Notes linked to inflation indices 
If an underlying closing level for an inflation index for a specified reference month has not been published or 
announced by five business days prior to the relevant payment date, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
a substitute index level. Any such substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of such Notes. 
Depending upon the terms of the Notes, either: 
(a) 
any revision to an underlying closing level of an inflation index occurring before the relevant revision 
cut-off date shall be considered final and conclusive for the purpose of any determination made in 
respect of the Notes; or 
(b) 
the first publication and announcement of an underlying closing level for an inflation index shall be 
final and conclusive. 
Further, if the Calculation Agent determines that the index sponsor of an inflation index has corrected an 
underlying closing level for such index to correct a manifest error no later than the earlier to occur of the 
relevant manifest error cut-off date and thirty calendar days following the first publication and announcement 
of such level, then the Calculation Agent may use the corrected level of such inflation index for the purposes 
of any calculation in respect of the relevant payment date. In the event of inconsistency between a revision and 
a manifest error correction, the manifest error correction shall prevail. Any such adjustment (or absence of an 
adjustment, for the purpose of the Notes) to any level of an inflation index may have an adverse effect on the 
value of the Notes. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that either (a) a level for an inflation index has not been published or 
announced for two consecutive months and/or (b) the relevant index sponsor announces that it will no longer 
continue to publish or announce such inflation index and/or (c) the relevant index sponsor cancels such

--- Page 50 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-39 
 
 
inflation index then the Calculation Agent may replace the originally designated inflation index with a 
successor index. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes and, if no successor 
index can be determined, then the Notes will be redeemed early at their Early Redemption Amount. 
If an index sponsor announces, in respect of an inflation index, that it will make a material change to a relevant 
inflation index then the Calculation Agent shall make such consequential adjustments to the terms of the Notes 
as are consistent with any adjustment made to any relevant fallback bond or as are necessary for such modified 
inflation index to continue as an inflation index for the purpose of the Notes.  Any such adjustments may have 
an adverse effect on the value of such Notes and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can 
reasonably so be made, then the Notes will be redeemed early at their Early Redemption Amount. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Determinations and potential conflicts of interest 
The terms of the Notes confer on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and certain other persons some discretion 
in making judgements, determinations and calculations in relation to the Notes including, inter alia, the 
occurrence of various events including Credit Events and Risk Events (as applicable) and in certain cases the 
relevant party will act in its sole and absolute discretion.  In each case the exercise of any such discretion is 
not subject to any dispute resolution or similar procedure and the exercise of any such discretion could 
adversely affect the value of the Notes or result in the occurrence of an early repayment at an amount less than 
an investor's initial investment. 
In exercising its discretions, the relevant party will not be under any obligation to consider the interests of the 
Noteholders or any other person in relation to such discretion or to mitigate their losses.  The relevant party 
and its affiliates may in fact benefit from the exercise of a discretion (for example the determination that a 
Credit Event or a Risk Event (as applicable) has occurred or one or more related determinations) that may 
increase losses to Noteholders. 
Where the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the 
Calculation Agent and Noteholders, including with respect to such determinations, calculations and 
judgements (for example whether a Credit Event or a Risk Event (as applicable) has occurred and calculations 
or valuations with respect to underlying instruments, transactions or risks including, without limitation, 
Reference Assets, Unwind Costs, Undeliverable Obligations, Hedge Disruption Obligations and Undeliverable 
Assets) that may influence the amount receivable or specified assets deliverable in respect of the Notes.   
Any of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or their affiliates and/or any third parties or entities which are 
not subject to regulation under the laws of the United States, the EEA or the United Kingdom may publish 
credit spreads or other values or prices or other projections of the creditworthiness in respect of, or of the 
obligations of, a Reference Entity or any other Underlying. The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or any of 
their affiliates may also from time to time engage in transactions with, in relation to or in respect of, any 
Reference Entity or other Underlying(s) for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their 
management, subject to requirements of all applicable laws and regulations.  The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
and/or their affiliates may also issue other derivative instruments in respect of any Reference Entity or other 
Underlying(s).  The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or their affiliates may also act as underwriter or 
counterparty in connection with future offerings of securities, debt or other obligations related to an issue of 
Notes, or may act as financial adviser to certain companies who are Reference Entities in respect of one or 
more issues of Notes or in a commercial banking capacity for such companies.  These activities may have a 
negative effect on the value or creditworthiness of, or the likelihood of a Credit Event or Risk Event occurring 
to, a Reference Entity or other Underlying(s) and consequently upon the value of the Notes. 
Any of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, any Dealer and/or any of their affiliates may have existing or future 
business relationships with the issuer or any other entity that is, or is associated with, a Reference Entity or 
any Underlying(s) (including, but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk management, advisory and banking

--- Page 51 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-40 
 
 
relationships) and may (but are not required to) enter into arrangements to hedge the Issuer's and/or the CGMHI 
Guarantor's obligations under the Notes and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, and may pursue actions and 
take steps with respect thereto (including exercising rights thereunder) that they or it deem(s) necessary or 
appropriate to protect their and/or its interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for a 
Noteholder, which may be adversely affected by such actions and steps.  A Noteholder will not have recourse 
to the applicable counterparty under any such hedging arrangements and any such hedging arrangements will 
not confer any rights or, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, Asset Amounts or LA Settlement Assets on any 
Noteholders and will constitute separate obligations of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or any 
Dealer and/or any such affiliate. In addition, any such hedging arrangements may give rise to Unwind Costs 
in connection with redemption of the Notes and in such circumstances amounts payable or deliverable to 
Noteholders will be reduced by each Noteholder's pro rata share of such Unwind Costs. 
The Issue Price and/or offer price of Notes may also reflect fees and/or other commissions and inducements 
payable to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, any Dealer and/or any of their affiliates involved in the issue 
and/or offer of the Notes. See also "Impact of fees, commissions and/or inducements on the Issue Price and/or 
offer price" below. 
Additional conflicts of interest may also arise in relation to Credit Linked Notes where Citigroup Inc. is a 
member of a relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee responsible for determining the 
occurrence of Credit Events for the purposes of certain credit derivatives transactions. See "Determinations by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" above.  
Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and 
vote upon matters which may have a general or specific effect upon their interests, or to pass resolutions in 
writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders, including those Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case 
may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor may make, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, any modification to (amongst other things) the Notes which, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, or which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law.   
In determining what is "materially prejudicial", the Issuer shall not consider the individual circumstances of 
any Noteholder or the tax or other consequences of such modification in any jurisdiction. Any such amendment 
may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes or, without limitation, a Noteholder's tax, regulatory or 
accounting treatment of such Notes.  
Regulatory initiatives may restrict certain investments and have an adverse impact on the regulatory 
treatment of the Notes  
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of the derivatives and 
structured securities industries. This has resulted in a raft of measures for increased regulation which are 
currently at various stages of implementation and which may restrict investment in certain Notes, have an 
adverse impact on the regulatory position for certain investors and/or on the incentives for certain investors to 
hold Notes and may thereby also affect the liquidity of such Notes in the secondary market.

--- Page 52 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-41 
 
 
Risks related to the United States federal income tax treatment 
Possible Taxable Event for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes 
Certain modifications to the terms of the Notes could be treated as "significant modifications" of the Notes for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, in which case the Notes would generally be treated, in whole or part, as 
retired and reissued. Significant modifications could include (but are not limited to) a designation by the Issuer 
of a Substitute for itself and the designation of a substitute or successor rate. 
In the event of a significant modification, a U.S. Holder (as defined below under "Section E.8—Taxation of 
Notes" in this Base Prospectus) would generally be required to recognise gain or loss (subject to possible 
treatment as a recapitalisation or, in the case of loss to the possible application of the wash sale rules) with 
respect to the Notes. Moreover, the treatment of the Notes after such an event could differ from their prior 
treatment. A changed treatment of the Notes could have possible withholding tax consequences to Non-U.S. 
Holders (as defined below under "Section E.8—Taxation of Notes" in this Base Prospectus). Prospective 
purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the risk of such an event. 
The United States Tax Treatment of Certain Notes is Unclear 
The Issuer intends to treat the Notes as debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as described 
below under "United States Federal Tax Considerations - Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders". However, it is 
possible that all or any portion of a Note could be recharacterised as a non-debt instrument, in which case the 
character and timing of income may be different for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In particular, if a Note 
were treated as an instrument other than debt, interest payments on the Note could be subject to withholding 
at a rate of 30 per cent., subject to reduction under an applicable income tax treaty. 
The U.S. Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS) have requested comments on 
various issues regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of "prepaid forward contracts" and similar 
financial instruments and have indicated that such transactions may be the subject of future regulations or other 
guidance. In addition, members of Congress have proposed legislative changes to the tax treatment of 
derivative contracts.  Any legislation, Treasury regulations or other guidance promulgated after consideration 
of these issues could materially and adversely affect the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes, 
possibly with retroactive effect. 
Insofar as it has responsibility as a withholding agent in respect of the Notes, the Issuer currently does 
not intend to withhold on payments on the Notes to Non-U.S. Holders (subject to the certification 
requirements and certain exceptions discussed in "United States Federal Tax Considerations — Tax 
Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders"). However, it is possible that other withholding agents may withhold 
on interest payments on the Notes, and in the future the Issuer may determine that it is required to so 
withhold. The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts 
withheld. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal tax 
consequences of an investment in the Notes.   
Substitution 
Investors should note that, in relation to any Notes, either of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor may, 
without the consent of the holders but subject to certain conditions, substitute for itself in respect of such Notes 
or, if applicable, in respect of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee any company which is, on the date of such 
substitution, in the opinion of the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor, as the case may be, of at least equivalent 
standing and creditworthiness to it. Notwithstanding in the opinion of the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor 
compliance with the relevant conditions set out above, any such substitution may have an adverse effect on 
the value of the Notes.

--- Page 53 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-42 
 
 
All Notes will be unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and all Notes issued by it will rank 
equally among themselves and with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.  The 
obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee will be unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor and will rank pari passu with all other outstanding 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor.  The Issuer's obligations under the Notes 
issued by it and the CGMHI Guarantor's obligations under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee represent general 
contractual obligations of each respective entity and of no other person.  
Risks related to the market generally 
Impact of fees, commissions and/or inducements on the Issue Price and/or offer price 
Investors should note that the Issue Price and/or offer price of Notes may include fees and/or other 
commissions and inducements (e.g. placement fees, distribution fees, structuring fees). Any such fees and/or 
other commissions and inducements will not be taken into account for the purposes of determining the price 
of such Notes in the secondary market and will result in a difference between the Issue Price and/or offer price 
of the Notes and the bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. Any such difference 
will result in a decrease in the value of an issue of Notes, particularly in relation to any such Notes sold 
immediately following the issue date or offer period relating to the relevant Tranche of such Notes. 
The Secondary Market 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop, so investors should 
be prepared to hold their Notes until maturity. If a market for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid, 
and an investor may not be able to find a timely and/or suitable counterpart. If it is possible to sell Notes, they 
would be sold for the prevailing bid price in the market (which may be affected by several factors including 
the performance of any relevant Underlying, prevailing interest rates at the time of sale, the time remaining to 
the stated maturity date, the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and factors affecting 
the capital markets generally) and may be subject to a transaction fee. The introduction of additional or 
competing products in the market may also have a negative effect on the price of any Notes.  
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, or at prices equal to or higher than 
the relevant investor's initial investment and in fact any such price may be substantially less than their original 
purchase price. Therefore, in establishing their investment strategy, investors should ensure that the term of 
the Notes is in line with their future liquidity requirements.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives 
or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  
These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities.  Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes.  The 
liquidity of Notes is also influenced by the type of investor to whom such Notes are sold.  To the extent that 
an issue of Notes is or becomes illiquid, investors may have to hold the relevant Notes until maturity before 
they are able to realise value. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list an issue of Notes on a stock exchange or regulated market.  If Notes 
are not listed or traded on any stock exchange or regulated market, pricing information for the relevant Notes 
may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of such Notes may be adversely affected.  
If Notes are not listed or traded on a stock exchange or regulated market, they may be traded on trading systems 
governed by the laws and regulations in force from time to time (e.g. multilateral trading systems or "MTF") 
or in other trading systems (e.g. bilateral systems or equivalent trading systems).  In the event that trading in 
such Notes takes place outside any such stock exchange, regulated market or trading systems, the manner in 
which the price of such Notes is determined may be less transparent and the liquidity of such Notes may be 
adversely affected.  Investors should note that none of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and any Dealer grants

--- Page 54 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-43 
 
 
any warranty to Noteholders as to the methodologies used to determine the price of Notes which are traded 
outside a trading system. However, where the Issuer or any of its affiliates determines the price of such Notes, 
it will take into account the market parameters applicable at such time in accordance with applicable provisions 
of law. Even if Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, this will not necessarily result in greater liquidity.  
Each of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and any Dealer may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase 
Notes at any price in the open market or by tender or private agreement.  Any Notes so purchased may be held 
or resold or surrendered for cancellation. If such Notes are surrendered for cancellation, then the number of 
Notes outstanding will decrease, which will reduce liquidity for the outstanding Notes. Any such activities 
may have an adverse effect on the price of the relevant Notes in the secondary market and/or the existence of 
a secondary market. 
Any of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or any Dealer or affiliate thereof, as, where applicable, part of its 
activities as a broker and dealer in fixed income and equity securities and related products or otherwise, may 
make a secondary market in relation to any Notes and may provide an indicative bid price on a daily basis. 
Any indicative prices so provided shall be determined by the relevant party in its sole discretion taking into 
account prevailing market conditions and shall not be a representation by such party that any Notes can be 
purchased or sold at such prices (or at all) and any of the parties specified above may suspend or terminate 
making a market and providing indicative prices without notice, at any time and for any reason. In these 
circumstances, there may be no market for the relevant Notes and investors should not assume that such a 
market will exist.  Accordingly as set out above an investor must be prepared to hold the Notes until the 
maturity date. 
Changes in exchange rates and exchange controls could result in a loss of the value of the Notes and 
payments in respect thereof in relation to the currency of the jurisdiction of an investor 
An investment in Notes denominated in a Specified Currency and/or payable in a Settlement Currency other 
than the currency of the jurisdiction of a particular investor (the investor's currency) entails significant risks 
that are not associated with a similar investment in a security denominated in the investor's currency.  These 
risks include, but are not limited to: 
• 
the possibility of significant market changes in rates of exchange between the investor's currency and 
the Specified Currency and/or Settlement Currency; 
• 
the possibility of significant changes in rates of exchange between the investor's currency and the 
Specified Currency and/or Settlement Currency resulting from the official redenomination or 
revaluation of the Specified Currency and/or Settlement Currency; and 
• 
the possibility of the imposition or modification of foreign exchange controls by either the jurisdiction 
of the investor's or foreign governments. 
These risks generally depend on factors over which neither the Issuer nor the CGMHI Guarantor has any 
control and which cannot be readily foreseen, such as: 
• 
economic events; 
• 
political events; and 
• 
the supply of, and demand for, the relevant currencies. 
In recent years, rates of exchange between some foreign currencies in which the Notes may be denominated 
and/or payable have been volatile.  This volatility may be expected in the future.  Fluctuations that have 
occurred in any particular exchange rate in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuation that 
may occur in the rate during the term of any Note.  Depreciation of the Specified Currency and/or Settlement

--- Page 55 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-44 
 
 
Currency of a Note against an investor's currency would result in a decrease in the effective yield of such Note 
below its coupon rate (if applicable) and could result in a substantial loss to the investor in terms of the 
investor's currency. 
Governments and monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, 
exchange controls that could affect applicable exchange rates as well as the availability of a Settlement 
Currency at the time of payment of principal, any premium, or interest on any Note.  There can be no assurance 
that exchange controls will not restrict or prohibit payments of principal, any premium, or interest denominated 
in any such Settlement Currency. 
Even if there are no actual exchange controls, it is possible that a Settlement Currency would not be available 
to the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor when payments on a Note are due because of circumstances beyond 
the control of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor.  Each investor should consult their own financial and 
legal advisers as to the risks of an investment in Notes denominated in a currency other than the investor's 
currency. 
The above risks may be increased if any Specified Currency and/or Settlement Currency and/or an investor's 
currency is the currency of an emerging market jurisdiction. 
The unavailability of currencies could result in a loss of value of the Notes and payments thereunder 
The currency in which payments on a Note are required to be made may be redenominated, for example, 
because such currency is: 
• 
unavailable due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Issuer's 
and/or the CGMHI Guarantor's control; 
• 
no longer used by the government of the country issuing the currency; or 
• 
no longer used for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of the international banking 
community. 
Where the currency in which payments in respect of a Note is officially redenominated, other than as a result 
of Economic and Monetary Union, such as by an official redenomination of any such currency that is a 
composite currency, then the payment obligations of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor on such Note 
immediately following the redenomination will be the amount of redenominated currency that represents the 
amount of the Issuer's and/or the CGMHI Guarantor's obligations immediately before the redenomination.   
The Notes will not provide for any adjustment to any amount payable as a result of: 
• 
any change in the value of the Specified Currency and/or Settlement Currency of those Notes relative 
to any other currency due solely to fluctuations in exchange rates; or 
• 
any redenomination of any component currency of any composite currency, unless that composite 
currency is itself officially redenominated.  
Accordingly the redenomination may result in a loss of value of these Notes and payments under these Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.  Such volatility 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 56 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
A-45 
 
 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to securities issued under the 
Programme, including any Notes.  The credit rating agencies may have different rating methodologies, criteria, 
models and requirements from one another.  The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related 
to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be reduced, withdrawn or 
qualified by the rating agency at any time.  If the ratings on any Notes are reduced, withdrawn or qualified, it 
could adversely affect the liquidity or the market value of such Notes.  
Additionally, the global landscape of financial sector regulation itself is undergoing significant change.  In the 
U.S., the Dodd-Frank Act, among other things, expands regulatory oversight of the CGMHI Guarantor (and 
its subsidiaries) and credit rating agencies.  It is not clear how this expanded regulatory oversight will impact 
the ratings on the Notes or the rating of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and 
the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period 
of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-
2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out above. Information relating to the current rating of the CGMHI 
Guarantor is available at www.citigroup.com.

--- Page 57 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
B-1 
 
 
SECTION B– INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
NOTES 
General 
Prospective investors in Notes should make their own independent decision as to whether an investment in 
Notes is appropriate or proper in their particular circumstances based upon their own judgement and upon 
advice from such advisers (including without limitation legal, business and tax advisers) as they may deem 
necessary and should consult with such advisers to determine the consequences of an investment in Notes and 
to arrive at their own evaluation of the investment.  Prospective investors in Notes should understand the risks 
of the relevant Notes and should reach an investment decision only after careful consideration, with their 
advisers, of the suitability of the Notes in light of their particular financial circumstances, the information set 
forth in the Base Prospectus (including the section "Risk Factors" above) and the information regarding the 
relevant Notes and the particular Reference Entity(ies) or other Underlying(s), as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
In particular, the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor recommend that investors take independent tax advice 
before committing to purchase any Notes.  Neither the Issuer nor the CGMHI Guarantor provide tax advice 
and therefore responsibility for any tax implications of investing in any Notes rests entirely with each investor.  
Investors should note that the tax treatment will differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and tax regulations and 
their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from time to time.  Accordingly, it is not possible 
to predict the precise tax treatment which will apply at any given time.  Investors will assume and be solely 
responsible for any and all taxes of any jurisdiction or governmental or regulatory authority, including (without 
limitation) any state or local taxes or other similar assessment or charge that may be applicable to any payment 
in respect of the Notes. 
An investment in Notes is only suitable for investors who: 
(a) 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and, in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes, experience with respect to credit derivative transactions and credit-linked debt 
instruments to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in Notes; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks in the 
context of their financial situation; 
(c) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in Notes for an indefinite period of time; 
and 
(d) 
recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of Notes for a substantial period of time, if at all. 
Before purchasing Notes, investors should carefully consider, among other things, (i) the trading price of the 
relevant Notes, (ii) the value, creditworthiness and volatility of the relevant Reference Entities or other 
Underlying(s), (iii) the remaining tenor, (iv) any change(s) in market interest rates and yield rates, if applicable, 
(v) any change(s) in currency exchange rates, (vi) the depth of the market or liquidity of any obligations of 
any entity or other items which comprise or relate to the Underlying(s) and (vii) any related transaction costs.   
Prospective investors in Notes should not rely on any communication (written or oral) of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor, any Dealer or any of their affiliates or their respective officers or agents as investment 
advice or as a recommendation to invest in Notes, it being understood that information and explanations related 
to Notes shall not be considered to be investment advice or a recommendation to invest in Notes. No 
communication (written or oral) received from the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, any Dealer or any of their

--- Page 58 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
B-2 
 
 
affiliates or their respective officers or agents shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the 
expected results of an investment in Notes. 
An investment in Notes involves risks and should only be made after assessing the direction, timing and 
magnitude of potential future market changes (e.g. in the value of the obligations of, or creditworthiness or 
ability to pay of, any Reference Entity or other items which comprise or relate to the Underlying(s)), as well 
as the terms and conditions of the Notes.  More than one risk factor may have simultaneous effects with regard 
to the Notes such that the effect of a particular risk factor may not be predictable. In addition, more than one 
risk factor may have a compounding effect, which may not be predictable. No assurance can be given as to the 
effect that any combination of risk factors may have on the value of the Notes. 
Floating Rate Note fallback provisions 
The fallback provisions described in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, 
Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations) apply as follows: 
USD LIBOR: 
• 
If a Benchmark Transition Event occurs and if the applicable Issue Terms specify USD LIBOR to be 
applicable in respect of the Notes, Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.5 (USD LIBOR Fallback 
Provisions) (the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) shall apply. 
• 
A Benchmark Transition Event occurs with respect to a USD Benchmark (which could be USD 
LIBOR or the relevant Benchmark Replacement) where there has been a public statement or 
publication of information by, amongst others, the administrator of the USD Benchmark which states 
that the administrator of the USD Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the USD Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely, or by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the USD 
Benchmark announcing that the USD Benchmark is no longer representative, or as of a specified future 
date will no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or 
economic reality that such USD Benchmark is intended to measure. 
• 
If the Calculation Agent cannot determine the relevant USD Benchmark by interpolating from other 
tenors of the USD Benchmark, the next-available alternative under the USD LIBOR Fallback 
Provisions will apply to replace the relevant USD Benchmark in respect of the Notes. In order, these 
replacement alternatives are as follows: 
(a) 
the replacement rate shall be the applicable fallback reference rate as determined by the International 
Swap Dealers Association, Inc. (ISDA), together with an adjustment; 
(b) 
if a) is not available, if a form of Term SOFR has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body, then the replacement rate shall be such Term SOFR, together with an adjustment; 
(c) 
if a) and b) are not available, if a form of compounded SOFR has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body or alternatively the Calculation Agent, then the replacement rate 
shall be such Compounded SOFR, together with an adjustment; 
(d) 
if a), b) and c) are not available, if an alternate rate of interest has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body, then the replacement rate shall be such alternate rate, together with 
an adjustment; or 
(e) 
if a), b), c) and d) are not available, then the replacement rate shall be as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, together with an adjustment.

--- Page 59 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
B-3 
 
 
• 
The Calculation Agent has powers to make conforming changes to the terms of the Notes as it decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the replacement rate, and to determine a USD Benchmark 
to apply in respect of the Notes on an interim basis. For related risks see "Interest on Notes linked to 
USD LIBOR will be calculated using a Benchmark Replacement selected by the Calculation Agent if 
a Benchmark Transition Event occurs" in “Risk Factors” above. 
Reference Rates: 
• 
If a Reference Rate Event occurs and if the applicable Issue Terms specify any Reference Rate to be 
applicable in respect of the Notes, PROVIDED THAT the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions do not 
apply to the relevant Reference Rate as a result of the relevant event or circumstance, Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2.6 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) (the Reference Rate Event Provisions) 
shall apply. 
• 
A Reference Rate Event occurs with respect to a Reference Rate (which means any interest rate 
howsoever described in the Conditions and as amended from time to time pursuant to the provisions 
of the Reference Rate Event Provisions) where the Calculation Agent determines that (i) the Reference 
Rate has been or will be materially changed, has ceased or will cease to be provided permanently or 
indefinitely and there is no successor administrator or provider that will continue to provide the 
Reference Rate, or a regulator or other official sector entity has prohibited or will prohibit the use of 
or it is otherwise not permitted to use such Reference Rate in respect of the Notes; (ii) any authorisation 
or similar in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate has 
not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, refused or similar and as a result the Issuer 
or any other entity is not or will not be permitted under applicable law or regulation to use the relevant 
Reference Rate to perform its or their obligations under the Notes; (iii) it is not commercially 
reasonable to continue use of the Reference Rate due to licensing restrictions or changes in licensing 
costs; or (iv) the administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate, any national, regional or 
other supervisory or regulatory authority which is responsible for either (a) supervising the 
administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (b) regulating the Reference Rate, the central bank 
for the currency of the Reference Rate or other official body with applicable responsibility announcing 
that the Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative 
of any underlying market and or economic reality that such Reference Rate is intended to measure and 
that representativeness will not be restored; or (v) the relevant Reference Rate is the subject of any 
market-wide development in the over-the-counter derivatives market (which may be in the form of a 
protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate 
is or will be replaced with a replacement rate with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions 
which reference such Reference Rate. 
• 
The Calculation Agent will seek to determine a replacement Reference Rate which must be one of the 
following: 
(a) 
where applicable, if a replacement Reference Rate can be determined by interpolating from other 
tenors of the relevant Reference Rate, such interpolated Reference Rate, together with an adjustment; 
or 
(b) 
a pre-nominated replacement Reference Rate, together with an adjustment; or 
(c) 
an index, benchmark,other price source or rate or fall-back rate or methodology for calculating an 
index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fall-back rate which is recognised or acknowledged as 
being an industry standard replacement for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
such Reference Rate, together with an adjustment; or 
(d) 
an index, benchmark or other price source that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially 
reasonable alternative for the Reference Rate, together with an adjustment.

--- Page 60 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
B-4 
 
 
• 
In the alternative, the Calculation Agent may determine that no replacement Reference Rate is required 
or may adjust the term of the Notes as it determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect 
of such Reference Rate Event. Where applicable, if no such determination and/or adjustments are 
made, and if the Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to 
identify a replacement Reference Rate or calculate the relevant adjustment, the Issuer may redeem the 
Notes early. 
• 
The Calculation Agent has powers to make amendments to the terms of the Notes as it considers are 
necessary and/or appropriate to account for the effect of the replacement Reference Rate, and to 
determine the level of the Reference Rate to apply in respect of the Notes on an interim basis. For 
related risks see "Interest on Notes linked to a Reference Rate will be calculated using a Replacement 
Reference Rate selected by the Calculation Agent if a Reference Rate Event occurs" in “Risk Factors” 
above. 
Benchmarks: 
• 
If an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to the relevant rate, PROVIDED THAT the 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions and the Reference Rate Event Provisions do not apply to the relevant 
event or circumstance, Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.5 (Redemption or adjustment for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) (the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions) shall apply. 
• 
An Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to a Benchmark (which means any figure or 
rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the Notes, or the value of the Notes, is 
determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure or rate) where the Calculation Agent 
determines that (i) a Benchmark is materially changed, cancelled or its use is prohibited by a regulator 
or other official sector entity in respect of the Notes; (ii) any authorisation or similar in respect of a 
relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not 
be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected or similar with the effect that the Issuer or any other entity 
is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark 
to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes; (iii) it is not commercially reasonable to 
continue use of the Benchmark due to licensing restrictions or changes in licence costs; or (iv) a 
relevant supervisor and/or sponsor officially announces the benchmark is no longer representative, or 
as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant 
underlying market(s) or economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure. 
• 
The Calculation Agent may make adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as it determines necessary 
or appropriate to account for the effect of the relevant event or circumstance, including, without 
limitation, the selection of a successor benchmark. Alternatively and if applicable, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes early. For related risks see “Risks relating to the occurrence of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event" in “Risk Factors” above. 
Screen Rate Determination or USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination: 
• 
If a floating rate cannot be determined and if the applicable Issue Terms specify any of Screen Rate 
Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination to be applicable, 
PROVIDED THAT none of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions, the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions and the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions apply to the relevant floating rate as a 
result of such relevant event or circumstance, the relevant provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2.2(A) (Screen Rate Determination), Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(B) (USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination) or Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(C) (ISDA 
Determination) shall apply.

--- Page 61 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
B-5 
 
 
• 
Where Screen Rate Determination is applicable, if the Page is not available or if no offered quotation 
or fewer than three offered quotations appear or no rate is provided or published by the relevant 
administrator or a relevant authorised distributor or a component of the relevant rate is not provided 
or published (as applicable), in each case as at the Specified Time, or by 10.30 a.m. Sydney time in 
the case of BBSW, the Calculation Agent will determine the Screen Rate in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to such source as it deems appropriate and any 
alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market) Such rate may be (without 
limitation) a rate published by another authorised distributor, a rate formally recommended by the 
administrator of the relevant rate or the administrator or supervisor or competent authority responsible 
for supervising such administrator, the last published rate or the arithmetic mean of provided by 
reference banks selected by the Calculation Agent. 
• 
Where USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination is applicable, if the relevant Reference Rate cannot 
be determined, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate as follows: 
(a) 
if two or more offered quotations are provided by Reference Banks, then the Reference Rate for the 
relevant date or period will be the arithmetic average of such quotations; 
(b) 
if a) is not available, if three or more New York City banks selected by the Calculation Agent quote 
certain rates to leading European banks at approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, then the Reference Rate for the relevant date or period will be 
the arithmetic average of such rates; or 
(c) 
if a) and b) are not available, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the 
Reference Rate for the relevant date or period will be such rate as is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks 
then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is selected as the method of calculation of a rate of interest, the relevant rate will 
be determined on the same basis as the rate that would be calculated under an 'over-the-counter' derivative 
transaction documented using the market standard interest rate definitions published by ISDA. These 
definitions provide a standard method of calculating interest and include certain 'fallback' provisions which 
may be used to determine an interest rate in the event of temporary or permanent discontinuation of the relevant 
rate. However, for the purposes of the Notes, the fallback provisions set out in the relevant ISDA interest rate 
definitions will only apply in certain circumstances as described below. 
The ISDA interest rate definitions have been amended, supplemented and replaced from time to time and, as 
at the date of this document, there are two versions which are relevant for the purposes of the Notes: the 2006 
ISDA Definitions published by ISDA as amended or supplemented from time to time (the 2006 Definitions) 
and the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by ISDA as restated from time to time (the 
2021 Definitions). The applicable Issue Terms will indicate the version of the ISDA definitions which apply 
in respect of the Notes. 
• 
Where ISDA Determination is applicable and the 2006 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, if the Calculation Agent determines that the ISDA Rate cannot be determined, then 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions and prior to the application of any 
provisions relating to an index cessation event (howsoever described) or other permanent cessation 
fallback provisions in the 2006 Definitions (including where applicable such fallbacks set out in any 
supplement to the 2006 Definitions and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Discontinued Rates Maturities 
provisions), the ISDA Rate for the relevant period and/or date shall be such rate as is determined by

--- Page 62 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
B-6 
 
 
the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). It should be noted, however, 
that even though relevant fallback provisions may be included in accordance with the terms of the 
ISDA Determination itself or the above provision, if prior ranking fallback provisions described in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments and Regulatory 
Obligations) apply then these prior ranking fallback provisions will be applied first, meaning that any 
fallback provisions included as part of the Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(C) (ISDA 
Determination) may not apply. 
• 
Where ISDA Determination is applicable and the 2021 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, any fallback provisions relating to temporary cessation will apply in respect of the Notes. 
However, prior to the application of any provisions relating to permanent cessation or an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event in the 2021 Definitions (including, for the avoidance of doubt any 
Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions), then, subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations) and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the ISDA Rate for the relevant period and/or date shall be 
such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). See 
further "The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Notes are 
linked will result in the application of certain fallback provisions" above. 
For related risks, see "If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined in the Calculation Agent’s 
discretion" in “Risk Factors” above. 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination, SOFR Floating Rate Determination: 
• 
If a floating rate cannot be determined and SONIA Floating Rate Determination and/or SOFR Floating 
Rate Determination (respectively) are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT 
none of the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions 
apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of the relevant event or circumstance, the SONIA Non 
Index Fallback Provisions or SONIA Index Fallback Provisions (as applicable) as described in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(I) (SONIA Floating Rate Determination) and/or the SOFR 
Fallback Provisions as described in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(J) (SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination) (respectively) shall apply.  
• 
If SONIA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, save where 
Index Determination applies, in respect of any relevant determination date a SONIA rate is not 
available on the relevant page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, the Calculation Agent will determine such SONIA rate as being (i)(A) the Bank of 
England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) plus (B) a mean calculation by reference to the spread of the 
SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA rate has been published 
or (ii) if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England, the last published SONIA rate 
provided. For related risks, see “The unavailability of a SONIA rate may adversely affect the value of 
and return on the Notes” in “Risk Factors” above. 
• 
If SONIA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and Index 
Determination applies and/or SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and in respect of any relevant determination date a SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR 
Index value, as applicable, has not been provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant 
administrator (or any successor administrator) or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not 
available, the relevant SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, will 
be  determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having

--- Page 63 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
B-7 
 
 
regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking 
into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). 
Cessation or Non-Representativeness of LIBOR  
On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the authorised and regulated administrator 
of LIBOR, announced its intention to cease the publication of all 35 LIBOR settings on 31 December 2021, 
or for certain USD LIBOR settings, on 30 June 2023. The IBA notified the FCA of its intention and on the 
same date, the FCA published an announcement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of the 
35 LIBOR benchmarks (the FCA Announcement). The FCA Announcement states that all 35 LIBOR 
maturities and currencies will either cease to be published by any administrator or will no longer be 
representative as follows: 
• 
all 7 EUR LIBOR settings, all 7 CHF LIBOR settings, the Spot Next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month 
JPY LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month GBP LIBOR settings, and the 1-
week and 2-month USD LIBOR settings ceased to be published immediately after 31 December 2021; 
• 
the overnight and 12-month USD LIBOR settings will cease to be published immediately after 30 June 
2023; 
• 
the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month JPY LIBOR settings and the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month GBP 
LIBOR settings ceased to be representative immediately after 31 December 2021; and  
• 
the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month USD LIBOR settings will no longer be representative immediately 
after 30 June 2023. 
On 8 September 2021, the Critical Benchmarks (References and Administrators' Liability) Bill (the Bill) was 
introduced to the House of Lords and had its first reading. 
The Bill has been designed specifically in light of the FCA’s new powers under the Financial Services Act 
2021 to designate a critical benchmark (or specified tenors/currencies of such benchmark) as an A.23A 
benchmark under the UK Benchmarks Regulation where it is not representative of the market or economic 
reality it is intended to measure or the representativeness of the benchmark is at risk and the representativeness 
of the benchmark cannot or should be maintained or restored. These powers would enable the FCA to change 
the LIBOR methodology so as to allow the LIBOR rate on the reference screen to continue to be published on 
the basis of the revised methodology: "synthetic LIBOR". Further detail applies, but among other things, the 
Bill introduces provisions intended to have the statutory effect under English law governed contracts of 
ensuring that references to LIBOR will be construed to include synthetic LIBOR. 
In June 2021, the FCA consulted on its proposed decision to require synthetic LIBOR for 1-month, 3-month 
and 6-month sterling and JPY LIBOR settings and has since confirmed the methodology that it will require 
ICE Benchmark Administration to use to calculate such rates. 
As of 1 January 2022, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month GBP and JPY settings (Synthetic LIBOR) have 
been designated by the FCA as A.23A benchmarks. Since this date, any new use (within the meaning given to 
such term in the UK Benchmarks Regulation) of Synthetic LIBOR by any supervised entity in scope of the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation is prohibited. Legacy use (within the meaning given to such term in the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation) of Synthetic LIBOR by supervised entities in scope of the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation is however permitted until further notice, except in cleared derivatives transactions. 
Such Synthetic LIBOR is calculated on a forward-looking term basis plus a fixed spread but, there is no 
guarantee that any such rate will be similar to the original LIBOR rate. In addition, there is no guarantee as to 
how long any Synthetic LIBOR rate will continue to be available. The FCA only intend to compel publication

--- Page 64 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
B-8 
 
 
of the 1, 3 and 6 month JPY LIBOR settings for one year until the end of 2022. No clear statement has been 
made as to how long the FCA intend to compel publication of the 1, 3 and 6 month GBP LIBOR settings. No 
decision has been made on the introduction of synthetic LIBOR for those USD LIBOR settings continuing 
until June 2023 but "new use" (within the meaning given to such term in the UK Benchmarks Regulation) of 
these USD LIBOR settings by supervised entities has been prohibited since 1 January 2022. 
Considerations relating to linear interpolation provisions 
If "2021 Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the 2021 Definitions will apply to the relevant Floating 
Rate Option. The Floating Rate Option shall be determined at the level of the related swap or hedging 
arrangement by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period, PROVIDED THAT if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the calculation agent for the relevant swap shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. In such circumstances, 
the linear interpolation provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(H) (Linear Interpolation) 
of the Conditions shall not apply to the Notes. 
Substitution 
Investors should note that, in relation to any Notes, either of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor may, 
without the consent of the holders but subject to certain conditions, substitute for itself in respect of such Notes 
or, if applicable, in respect of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee any company which is, on the date of such 
substitution, in the opinion of the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor, as the case may be, of at least equivalent 
standing and creditworthiness to it. 
Change of law (including applicable tax law) or tax practice 
The Conditions of the Notes are based on relevant laws in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to such laws or 
administrative practices after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
In addition any relevant tax law, regulations or practice applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus and/or 
the date of purchase or subscription of any Notes may change at any time (including during any subscription 
period or the term of any Notes) and it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment which will apply to 
the Notes at any given time.  Any such change may have an adverse effect on a Noteholder, including that 
Notes may be redeemed before their due date, their liquidity may decrease and/or the tax treatment of amounts 
payable or receivable by or to an affected Noteholder may be less than otherwise expected by such Noteholder.   
Underlying information 
Any of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor any Dealer and/or any of their affiliates may at the date hereof or at 
any time hereafter be in possession of information in relation to an Underlying that is or may be material and 
may or may not be publicly available to Noteholders.  There is no obligation on the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or any Dealer to disclose to any potential investors in Notes or to Noteholders any such information. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine

--- Page 65 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
B-9 
 
 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Regulatory initiatives may restrict certain investments and have an adverse impact on the regulatory 
treatment of the Notes 
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of the derivatives and 
structured securities industries. 
resulted in a raft of measures for increased regulation which are 
 
This has
 
currently at various stages of implementation and which may restrict investment in certain Notes, have an 
tives for certain investors 
adverse impact on the regulatory position for certain investors and/or on the incen
to hold Notes and may thereby also affect the liquidity of such Notes in the secondary market. Investors in the 
Notes are responsible for analysing their own regulatory position and none of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
rranger or the Dealers makes any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of 
Guarantor, the A
the Notes regarding the regulatory treatment of their investment at the time of such investment or at any time 
make themselves aware of the changes and requirements 
 
in the future. Prospective investors should therefore
applicable to them, in addition to any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment 
in the Notes. 
Multiple Series linked to Reference Entity or other Underlying 
The Issuer may issue several issues of Notes relating to a particular Reference Entity or other Underlying(s).  
However, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will issue any Notes other than the Notes to which the 
applicable Issue Terms relates.  At any given time, the number of Notes outstanding may be substantial.  Notes 
provide opportunities for investment and pose risks to investors as a result of fluctuations in the 
creditworthiness or value of the relevant Reference Entities or Underlying(s). 
Exposure to Reference Entity or other Underlying 
The Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes are not dependent on the existence or amount of the Issuer's 
and/or any of its affiliates' credit exposure to any Reference Entity or other Underlying(s) and the Issuer and/or 
any affiliate will not need to suffer any loss nor provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence or 
existence of any Credit Event or Risk Event (as applicable). 
Underlying Volatility 
In recent years, prices for, and perceptions as to the creditworthiness of, various entities which may constitute 
Reference Entities or other Underlying(s) have been highly volatile.  Such volatility may be expected in the 
future.  Fluctuations in the rates, levels, spreads or prices that have occurred in the past are not necessarily 
indicative, however, of fluctuations that may occur during the term of any Notes linked to one or more 
Reference Entities or other Underlying(s). 
Leveraging Risk 
Borrowing to fund the purchase of the Notes (leveraging) can have a significant negative impact on the value 
of and return on the investment.  Investors considering leveraging the Notes should obtain further detailed 
information as to the applicable risks from the leverage provider. 
Credit Linked Notes 
Credit Events 
Events that will constitute a Credit Event for the purposes of Credit Linked Notes are as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and may include, without limitation, the occurrence of one or more of the following:

--- Page 66 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
B-10 
 
 
• 
Bankruptcy - the Reference Entity goes bankrupt; 
• 
Failure to Pay - subject to a minimum threshold amount, the Reference Entity fails to pay any amounts 
due on any of its borrowings (including its bonds or loans) or, where applicable, guarantees; 
• 
Obligation Acceleration - the Reference Entity defaults on a minimum amount of its borrowings 
(including its bonds or loans) or, where applicable, guarantees and as a result such obligations are 
accelerated; 
• 
Obligation Default - the Reference Entity defaults on a minimum amount of its borrowings (including 
its bonds or loans) or, where applicable, guarantees and as a result such obligations are capable of 
being accelerated; 
• 
Restructuring - following a deterioration of the Reference Entity's creditworthiness, any of its 
borrowings (including its bonds or loans) or, where applicable, guarantees, subject to a minimum 
threshold amount of such borrowings or, where applicable, guarantees, are restructured in such a way 
as to adversely affect a creditor (such as a reduction or postponement of the interest or principal 
payable on a bond or loan);  
• 
Repudiation/Moratorium - (i) the Reference Entity repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, its 
obligations in relation to its borrowings (including its bonds or loans) or, where applicable, its 
guarantees, or it declares or imposes a moratorium with respect to its borrowings (including its bonds 
or loans) or, where applicable, guarantees and (ii) thereafter within a certain period it fails to pay any 
amounts due on any of its borrowings (including its bonds or loans) or, where applicable, its 
guarantees, or it restructures any of its borrowings (including its bonds or loans) or, where applicable, 
guarantees in such a way as to adversely affect a creditor; and 
• 
if Underlying Schedule 2 applies to the Credit Linked Notes, Governmental Intervention – any of the 
Reference Entity’s borrowings or, where applicable, guarantees are restructured in such a way as to 
adversely affect a creditor (such as a reduction or postponement of the interest or principal payable on 
a bond or loan), are expropriated or amended in such a way that the beneficial holder is changed or 
are mandatorily cancelled, converted or exchanged or any similar event occurs with respect thereto, 
in each case as a result of Governmental Authority action or announcement pursuant to or by means 
of a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or similar). 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
This Base Prospectus contains Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes some of which terms are based 
on the 2003 ISDA Definitions (see Underlying Schedule 1) and further Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Notes some of which terms are based on the 2014 ISDA Definitions (see Underlying Schedule 2).  While there 
are similarities between the terms used in such Underlying Schedules and the terms used in the 2003 ISDA 
Definitions or 2014 ISDA Definitions, as applicable, there are a number of differences (including, without 
limitation, whether or not Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determinations are applicable (see 
further below), the operation of the credit protection period and, if auction settlement applies, the auction(s) 
which may be applicable on a M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event).  In particular, the Issuer has determined 
that certain provisions of the Credit Derivatives Definitions, which are intended for use by market participants 
in "over the counter" transactions, require amendment when incorporated in the terms of an offering of 
securities such as the Credit Linked Notes.  Therefore, a prospective investor should understand that the 
complete terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes are as set out in this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Issue Terms and that neither the 2003 ISDA Definitions nor the 2014 ISDA Definitions are 
incorporated by reference herein.  Consequently, investing in Credit Linked Notes is not necessarily equivalent 
to investing a credit default swap that incorporates either set of ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 67 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
B-11 
 
 
Differences between the 2003 ISDA Definitions and the 2014 ISDA Definitions 
There are a number of important differences between the 2003 ISDA Definitions and the 2014 ISDA 
Definitions. In particular the 2014 ISDA Definitions have: 
• 
introduced a new Credit Event of "Governmental Intervention", which is intended to capture "bail-in" 
procedures to which financial institutions may be subject; 
• 
made certain amendments to the Restructuring Credit Event to provide for the possibility of a Euro 
exit; 
• 
reduced the number of buckets applicable in circumstances where Mod Mod R is applicable and 
deleted the concept of the "Enabling Obligation" which was previously applicable to both Mod R and 
Mod Mod R; 
• 
introduced the concept of Asset Package Delivery in respect of certain Financial Reference Entities 
and Sovereigns.  This provides that if Deliverable Obligations are exchanged into non-Deliverable 
assets or written-down in part or in full, in certain circumstances, the credit protection buyer will be 
able to deliver the resultant package of Assets or the written-down Deliverable Obligation to realise 
its protection; 
• 
split credit protection between senior and subordinated coverage in respect of a Governmental 
Intervention and Restructuring Credit Event for Financial Reference Entities, i.e. a Senior Transaction 
will only be triggered by a Restructuring or Governmental Intervention of Senior Obligations and a 
Subordinated Transaction will not be capable of being triggered by a Restructuring or Governmental 
Intervention of an obligation which is Subordinated to the Subordinated Reference Obligation; 
• 
made a number of changes to the provisions for determining a Successor to a Reference Entity, 
particularly with respect to Financial and Sovereign Reference Entities; 
• 
provided for a new election of "Standard Reference Obligation" which, if chosen, will mean that the 
Reference Obligation will be the obligation of the relevant seniority level published in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity on a List maintained by or on behalf of ISDA.  A transaction on the terms 
of the 2014 ISDA Definitions may elect not to apply that election such that the Reference Obligation 
would remain as chosen by the parties, although, if this is the case, the procedure for selecting a 
Substitute Reference Obligation has also changed significantly in the 2014 ISDA Definitions; 
• 
replaced the Not Contingent Deliverable Obligation Characteristic with the concept of Outstanding 
Principal Balance.  In order for an obligation (including the Reference Obligation) to constitute a 
Deliverable Obligation, it must have an Outstanding Principal Balance greater than zero; 
• 
amended the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee" to expand the universe of guarantees that can 
constitute Qualifying Guarantees (with a particular emphasis on including, to some extent, guarantees 
with caps or transfer provisions); and 
• 
introduced a large number of technical and other changes. 
Additional Risk Events 
Additional Risk Events for the purposes of LA Credit Linked Notes are as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and may include, without limitation, the occurrence of one or more of the following: 
• 
an Inconvertibility Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any event or 
condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or of prohibiting,

--- Page 68 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
B-12 
 
 
restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert currency; or (ii) 
to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to residents of the Reference 
Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate any funds from accounts inside 
the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference Jurisdiction or between accounts inside 
the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full value of any cash payment made under the 
Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any 
Governmental Authority of a new currency regime (including the introduction of a dual currency 
regime) or the imposition of currency exchange limitations; 
• 
an Ownership Restriction Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any 
event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or impracticable 
for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference 
Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner of any Reference Investor 
Asset or any amount received in respect thereof; 
• 
a Settlement/Custodial Event - (i) the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of the 
bankruptcy of any Custodian or (ii) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets owned by a Reference 
Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (A) fails to perform in a timely manner 
any or all of its obligations owed under any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (B) fails 
to take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor, or (C) takes any action which is 
contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement; in each case that affects or 
may affect, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the Issuer’s obligations with respect to the Note(s); and 
• 
an Underlying RMB Currency Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
Underlying RMB Inconvertibility, Underlying RMB Non-transferability or Underlying RMB 
Illiquidity (as defined in the Conditions). 
No Investigation or Due Diligence of Reference Entities 
No investigation, due diligence or other enquiries have been made by the Issuer, any Dealer or any other related 
person in respect of any Reference Entity (including its existing or future creditworthiness) or any Reference 
Obligation, Reference Asset, Obligation, Deliverable Obligation, LA Settlement Assets or other obligations of 
the Reference Entity (as applicable). No representations, warranties or undertakings whatsoever have been or 
will be made by the Issuer, any Dealer or any other related person in respect of the Reference Entity (including 
its existing or future creditworthiness) or any Reference Obligation, Reference Asset, Obligation, Deliverable 
Obligation, LA Settlement Assets or other obligations of the Reference Entity (as applicable). Prospective 
investors in Credit Linked Notes should make their own investigation and evaluation as to the creditworthiness 
of each Reference Entity and the likelihood of the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, including by 
consulting publicly available information. 
If a request to convene a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has been delivered prior to the Issue 
Date to determine whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the Reference Entity, details of such 
request may be found on www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website thereto). If a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not been convened to determine such matter as of the Issue 
Date, one may still be convened after the Issue Date in respect of an event which occurs up to 60 days before 
the date of a request to convene such Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.

--- Page 69 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
B-13 
 
 
CGMHI GUARANTOR 
The CGMHI Guarantor, Its Management and Businesses Must Continually Review, Analyze and 
Successfully Adapt to Ongoing Regulatory and Other Uncertainties and Changes in the U.S. and Globally 
Despite the adoption of final regulations and laws in numerous areas impacting the CGMHI Guarantor and its 
businesses over the past several years, the CGMHI Guarantor, its management and its businesses continually 
face ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes, both in the U.S. and globally. Various 
examples of ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes facing the CGMHI Guarantor 
include, but are not limited to (i) potential fiscal, monetary, regulatory, tax and other changes arising from the 
U.S. federal government and other governments, including as a result of the new U.S. presidential 
administration, regulatory leadership and Congress or in response to the pandemic; (ii) potential changes to 
various aspects of the regulatory capital framework and requirements applicable to the CGMHI Guarantor; 
and (iii) future legislative and regulatory framework from the UK's exit from the European Union (EU), 
including, among others, with respect to financial services. References to 'regulatory' in this paragraph include 
both formal regulation and the views and expectations of its regulators in their supervisory roles. 
Business planning is required to be based on possible or proposed rules or outcomes, which can change 
dramatically upon finalisation or upon implementation or interpretive guidance from numerous regulatory 
bodies worldwide, and such guidance can change. Such ongoing regulatory uncertainties and changes therefore 
make the CGMHI Guarantor's and its management's long-term business, balance sheet and budget planning 
difficult or subject to change.  
Moreover, U.S. and international regulatory and legislative initiatives have not always been undertaken or 
implemented on a coordinated basis, and areas of divergence have developed and continue to develop with 
respect to the scope, interpretation, timing, structure or approach, leading to inconsistent or even conflicting 
requirements, including within a single jurisdiction.  
For example, in May 2019, the European Commission adopted as part of Capital Requirements Directive V 
(CRD V) a new requirement for major banking groups headquartered outside the EU (which would include 
the CGMHI Guarantor) to establish an intermediate EU holding company where the foreign bank has two or 
more institutions (broadly meaning banks, broker-dealers and similar financial firms) established in the EU. 
While in some respects the requirement mirrors an existing U.S. requirement for non-U.S. banking 
organizations to form U.S. intermediate holding companies, the implementation of the EU holding company 
requirement could lead to additional complexity with respect to the CGMHI Guarantor's resolution planning, 
capital and liquidity allocation and efficiency in various jurisdictions. Regulatory and legislative changes have 
also significantly increased the CGMHI Guarantor's compliance risks and costs.

--- Page 70 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
C-1 
 
 
SECTION C – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR 
INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS

--- Page 71 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
C-2 
 
 
SECTION C.1 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and filed with the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) and the Central Bank are incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus: 
(1) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2018 containing its audited 
consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2018 and 2017 and for each of the years in the 
three year period ended 31 December 2018 (the CGMHI 2018 Annual Report) (which is published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=HJ6yfPpDqOdjQMuHbOzDrNHqbmA7NO1XEOS5Fs5j/0OyTwz2U7DN
E1HwmNzGkplTtJ9ScP43cgHGbRdSbCzDLqDU5xcV8atb8fpxTNWqK9Y9BgaUiq26EEsWNBCp
SJPOsw4ECwakgyExuXaliGDrFvBjyXxUXtmIpE4qvgd1SGz9I+mxeuhct2iqf8sFJbcg3T+HDV55z
XLsAPg7Yqs1Vw); 
(2) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2019 containing its audited 
consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2019 and 2018 and for each of the years in the 
three year period ended 31 December 2019 (the CGMHI 2019 Annual Report) (which is published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=8pWrBp8HcW/8lKyZW3bTFVRZ7GiGhkqh5Zm7WcgoosDm9uyy6P+tVI
UYxSm19HtfM3QYeljtGfMHTknMuBa5R+aRojgVVXbljNp5NmBzrr7xMHcZAKbs20qeZB90e+
LDk3+VbyyHeN3PhQnys1vCUptGfwm83A1yVeIWqBYJFT2aDq8HaIn0g+GBqD4fOICGKntEq1
/5DsOGSpcZaP9SDRpFxg9W1MdpwzEVulGOwRZF+OkSWSRtLCUNdoEbIdSN); 
(3) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2020 containing its audited 
consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 and for each of the years in the 
three year period ended 31 December 2020 (the CGMHI 2020 Annual Report) (which is published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=qpqJWbHpcGy2NzPdMmYyAGvJu+FQRX4xmwPUjXaH+Fc598xDur9/
Y1601/WT3qkaFIdhRxZ1EJ86gpi8XcmW2bOVwwmPGDdn/a2eJkeAD52V0xPg1HHU2VbfCsO8
YG9h9VtEsLmPyZlDSMO8eRRfvlgRRKJmwyYtyW5wAHhcvU95yEhEM7RzwmRnbCUa85TQ
Orowk0ci+b7kxqkMcDWDdqyHR7zOVXKrJO1HLV9HIF0); 
(4) 
CGMHI's Half-Yearly Financial Report containing its unaudited consolidated interim financial 
statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2021 (the CGMHI 2021 Half-Yearly Financial 
Report) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=3KZXVvp/ctj2I7gl4ctomU/k7lYAH0X2mLT2d/b60MfSt1jUyjPwbooeJ+I
77VOR6VoxpocwImrybZT/VUU8KnjoyQ6NXIDCqwCggdVEV5UVVnTTf8domSDnYjvF26+37
MpbAI6cDKh+Y22vnKr+X7cAJKSMoYhWKJXafn4wkCS9+HrONZy1YV+gaOQbyySicfTe0Jow
5ICkxbHJOWJCYO3ZprNsJacR3/fnUBgAfT2gYyD0+h1PbnQ4hsxQ71P2);  
(5) 
the Annual Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2020 filed with 
the SEC on 26 February 2021 (the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K) (which is published on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=ogqxuejyfj6z9nG3KT+E6YmUuAwxPUZ2yG2NoUGysRWV9sz/qLjCe6k
fWdskjVHQkY2/rLfP6QKea9IS2HhThs6/2eZm4Xtnlkt2rz0VvZkdlhhEvfXxU5PptsyjPq1BWf9Rq
EWF+PVtz3HYXxPj9L14tsYYDQ6UZouEoJ/lS52nEYSyjODxmwEyYz6WrF/IGU2T3D7CRN2br
hPqBu7rfWio3RY84H33NbVZovFR8Rk=);

--- Page 72 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
C-3 
 
 
(6) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2021 filed 
with the SEC on 5 May 2021 (the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q) (which is published on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=Wr5TZ5NsqlOkxTr5P5BT55icRLWEriEGGLlz/HXy/DioOed5WKnUN/Y
6zln9WS0tjJ0/PAWWl+vLwZEWbTrkdJJ8ui5GmW8B8uA/drzWpSqsdw1YIihezdEj6zy0lL0HCFn
BQr27Z6Kv5T/1X7uuHn47ZcZRY5UAhhIba1LWo4p8GH3MLijoci9J9Pf1T5wSuTlJ8KetdH2Qa7
bDPKfv9VVt57Z27e7xgcfl/LPEu1NUtRCcb+hmo7a5sndz/f4w); 
(7) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and six months ended 30 June 2021 
filed with the SEC on 4 August 2021 (the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q2 Form 10-Q) (which is published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=GayPoX4J84ZGr/AUJeygPqb+ZbUiUZ/vKdLbI5jdwF1J/zarbAkO9K1rrfK
SqcG+bwLoZ7X6GNbPbix1Cmof1s41fa4ZOYBdrZx912HmNDBUs4otyuCIceRhIYu3CaoKa9qew
rZbq/L4+WDA4SxL2UkInXgJons0ZEt3VSrRppaBZr0Ei22ICOSCkW0+vSrpxWOsvVyfhkSMNM
LqJ1vtX2dD7whKFumHEq5ZMJdIzm0=); 
(8) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended 30 
September 2021 filed with the SEC on 8 November 2021 (the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q3 Form 10-Q) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=OFxNp1qVWNE9meCeyPgWxG+u1K9vVCUyLyfZFA29/c5mR4qNQeEe
5E1MyBoKsWB6X67+hdG1va6mXMX9yFMj1sj00vT5acrkLGyedeMZr3P0UcAt+lhYFAAj3+zdZ
M1HyFi2Wv2TcTKikYScoIu+irN+j6ogAFlV22PMAZAq2IoW+0vBDtelzJaTY0sN0oqT/IRbI5Hh
8nD35/yjnLiPEvFRQPOdczzVF3kAZ9z1EvMcAibR1Qr4WKk7tMJtAA8y); and 
(9) 
the Current Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 14 January 2022 (the 
Citigroup Inc. January 2022 Form 8-K) in connection with the publication of its Quarterly Financial 
Data Supplement for the quarter and year ended 31 December 2021 (which is published on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=exaGhg6Y/6fhpVe7BMbAS8H+9fIrkr8M7/nl6hIPZ2WttDa0+9VSnENEu
YdkzyVvRtdwF56DUhVWeu+Nck66LUUEjNg/9p5G3rUBRsZTXuedn0vsRXhsItgM7nHBIEioOG
NTEmZKs6MydB5nCa3v8dqV+JurbvbcyEr6XHZGGAifNmduE5Kgm4pinp57NfaiZ570Vldg/fnbV
pMaiqukQw==).  
The following information appears on the pages of the relevant documents as set out below: 
 
 
 The Audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2018 and 2017 
for each of the years in the three year period ended 31 December 2018, as set out in the CGMHI 
2018 Annual Report: 
  
Page(s) of the section 
entitled "Consolidated 
Financial Statements" 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-67

--- Page 73 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
C-4 
 
 
 
 Independent Auditor's Report 
34 of the published 
CGMHI 2018 Annual 
Report 
 
 The Management Report of the Issuer, as set out in the CGMHI 2018 Annual Report: 
  
Page(s) of the section 
entitled "Management 
Report" 
 
 Management Report 
1-28 
 
 The audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2019 and 2018 for 
each of the years in the three year period ended 31 December 2019, as set out in the CGMHI 
2019 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the section 
entitled "Consolidated 
Financial Statements" 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-66 
 
 Independent Auditor's Report 
35 of the published CGMHI 
2019 Annual Report 
 
 The Management Report of the Issuer, as set out in the CGMHI 2019 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the section 
entitled "Management 
Report" 
 
 Management Report 
1-29 
 
 The audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 for
the years in the three year period ended 31 December 2020, as set out in the CGMHI 2020 Annual
Report: 
Page(s) of the section
entitled "Consolidated 
Financial Statements" 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2

--- Page 74 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
C-5 
 
 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder’s Equity 
5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-66 
 
 Independent Auditors’ Report 
Thirty sixth page of the 
published CGMHI 2020 
Annual Report 
 
 The Management Report of CGMHI: 
 
Page(s) of the section
entitled "Management
Report" 
 
 Management Report 
1-30 
 
 The unaudited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of and for the six month period
ended 30 June 2021, as set out in the CGMHI 2021 Half-Yearly Financial Report: 
Page(s) of the section
entitled "Consolidated 
Financial Statements" 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity 
5 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-42 
 
 The Management Report of the Issuer: 
 
Page(s) of the section
entitled "Management 
Report" 
 
 Management Report 
1-31 
 
 The audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2020 and 2019
for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form
10-K: 
Page(s) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
138-139

--- Page 75 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
C-6 
 
 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet 
140-141 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity 
142-143 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
144-145 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
146-310 
 
 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
Consolidated Financial Statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 
December 2020 and 2019 and for the years ended 31 December 2020, 
2019 and 2018 
132-136 
 
 Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K: 
Page(s) 
 
 Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – Overview, 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
4-31 
 
 Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
(i) 
Global Consumer Banking and Institutional Clients Group 
18-30 
(ii) 
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
162 
 
 Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 13 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
192-203 
 
 Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance
Sheet 
4-31 
(ii) 
Capital Resources 
32-48 
(iii) 
Risk Factors 
49-61 
(iv) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates 
123-128 
(v) 
Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
146-160 
 
 Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
291-298 
 
 Risk Factors 
49-61 
 
 Risk Management 
65-122

--- Page 76 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
C-7 
 
 
 
 Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months ended 31
March 2021, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q: 
Page(s) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
88-89 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet 
90-91 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity 
92-93 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
94-95 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
96-201 
 
 Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q:
Page(s) 
 
 Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-22 
 
 Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
(i) 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-22 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
74-76 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
100 
 
 Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 12 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
114-123 
 
  Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance
Sheet 
2-22 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Income 
Taxes, 
Disclosure 
Controls 
and 
Procedures,
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat
Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and Forward-Looking
Statements 
77-85 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies
and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial
Statements 
96-98

--- Page 77 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
C-8 
 
 
 
 Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 23 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
192-193 
 
 Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
36-76 
 
 Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and six months
ended 30 June 2021, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q2 Form 10-Q: 
Page(s) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
90-91 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet 
92-93 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity 
94-95 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
96-97 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
98-215 
 
 Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q2 Form 10-Q 
Page(s) 
 
 Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income and Revenues
and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-22 
 
 Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
(i) 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-22 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
78-79 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
102 
 
 Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 12 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
116-127 
 
 Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and
Business – Income and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-22

--- Page 78 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
C-9 
 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates,
Income 
Taxes, 
Disclosure 
Controls 
and 
Procedures,
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat
Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act, Supervision and
Regulation and Forward-Looking Statements 
80-88 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies
and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial
Statements 
98-100 
 
 Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 23 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
205-206 
 
 Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
36-79 
 
 Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and nine months
ended 30 September 2021, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q3 Form 10-Q: 
Page(s) 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
90-91 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet 
92-93 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity 
94-95 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
96-97 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
98-215 
 
 Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q3 Form 10-Q:
Page(s) 
 
 Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income and Revenues
and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-22 
 
 Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
(i) 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-22 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
78-79 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
102 
 
 Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 12 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
116-127

--- Page 79 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
C-10 
 
 
 
 Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and
Business – Income and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-22 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates,
Income 
Taxes, 
Disclosure 
Controls 
and 
Procedures,
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat
Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act, Supervision and
Regulation and Forward-Looking Statements 
80-88 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies
and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial
Statements 
98-100 
 
 Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 23 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
205-206 
 
 Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
36-79 
 
 Citigroup Inc. January 2022 Form 8-K: 
 
Page(s) 
 
 Press Release, dated 14 January 2022, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 on 
pages 4-15 
 
 Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter and 
year ended 31 December 2021 
Exhibit Number 99.2 on 
pages 16-43 
Any information not listed in the cross-reference list above but included in the above mentioned documents is 
additional information given for information purposes only. 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Reports on Form 10-K for 
fiscal years after 2020, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by Citigroup 
Inc. with the SEC pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended (the Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to the date of the 
financial statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K and the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q3 Form 10-
Q referred to above will be available to the public on the SEC's website (address: http://www.sec.gov). 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents incorporated by 
reference therein, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any applicable Issue Terms.  Any statement 
contained therein or in any document incorporated by reference therein shall be deemed to be modified or 
superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or any other subsequently dated document incorporated by reference therein modifies or supersedes such 
statement.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, 
to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 80 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
C-11 
 
 
SECTION C.2 – DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will be available: 
(i) 
the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Issuer, available at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Cert%20of%20Incorp_By-
Laws%20of%20CGMHI%20(1)_787dc93d-0a67-450d-a470-7fe207534b95.pdf; 
(ii) 
the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of the CGMHI Guarantor, available at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Compiled%20COI%20and%20by%20laws%20of%20Citigroup
%20Inc._ea4d4037-22fc-4fef-9db9-c588a9d0f052.pdf; and 
(iii) 
the financial statements of the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor, as provided under “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” above. 
In addition see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" above for where all of the documents incorporated by 
reference specified therein are published electronically.

--- Page 81 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
C-12 
 
 
SECTION C.3– SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer, and/or the CGMHI Guarantor, as the case may be, will whilst this Base Prospectus is valid in 
relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA, in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus, or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 82 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-1 
 
 
SECTION D – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE CGMHI GUARANTOR

--- Page 83 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-2 
 
 
SECTION D.1 – DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
The Issuer, Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. (CGMHI), operating through its subsidiaries, engages in 
full-service investment banking and securities brokerage business.  As used in this description, the term 
CGMHI refers to CGMHI and its consolidated subsidiaries. CGMHI operates in the Institutional Clients Group 
business segment. 
CGMHI's parent, Citigroup Inc. (Citigroup, or Citi), is a global diversified financial services holding company 
whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, yet focused, 
range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment 
banking, securities brokerage, trade and securities services and wealth management. Citi has approximately 
200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions.  
Citigroup currently operates, for management reporting purposes, via two business segments: Global 
Consumer Banking and Institutional Clients Group, with the remaining operations in Corporate/Other. 
The principal offices of CGMHI are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY, 10013, telephone 
number +1 (212) 559-1000. CGMHI was incorporated in New York on 23 February 1977 and is the successor 
to Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc. On 7 April 2003, CGMHI filed a Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
changing its name from Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc. to Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
CGMHI's Federal Employee Identification Number issued by the US Internal Revenue Service is 11-2418067. 
The website of CGMHI is www.citigroup.com.  
Institutional Clients Group 
Institutional Clients Group (ICG) includes Banking and Markets and securities services. ICG provides 
corporate, institutional, public sector and high-net-worth clients around the world with a full range of 
wholesale banking products and services, including fixed income and equity sales and trading, foreign 
exchange, prime brokerage, derivative services, equity and fixed income research, corporate lending, 
investment banking and advisory services, private banking, cash management, trade finance and securities 
services. ICG transacts with clients in both cash instruments and derivatives, including fixed income, foreign 
currency, equity and commodity products.  
ICG revenue is generated primarily from fees and spreads associated with these activities. ICG earns fee 
income for assisting clients with transactional services and clearing and providing brokerage and investment 
banking services and other such activities. Such fees are recognized at the point in time when Citigroup's 
performance under the terms of a contractual arrangement is completed, which is typically at the 
trade/execution date or closing of a transaction. Revenue generated from these activities is recorded in 
Commissions and fees and Investment banking. Revenue is also generated from assets under custody and 
administration, which is recognized as/when the associated promised service is satisfied, which normally 
occurs at the point in time the service is requested by the customer and provided by Citi. Revenue generated 
from these activities is primarily recorded in Fiduciary fees. 
In addition, as a market maker, ICG facilitates transactions, including holding product inventory to meet client 
demand, and earns the differential between the price at which it buys and sells the products. These price 
differentials and the unrealized gains and losses on the inventory are recorded in Principal transactions (for 
additional information on Principal transactions revenue, see Note 2 to the CGMHI Consolidated Financial 
Statements included in the CGMHI 2020 Annual Report). 
The amount and types of Markets revenues are impacted by a variety of interrelated factors, including market 
liquidity; changes in market variables such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity 
prices and credit spreads, as well as their implied volatilities; investor confidence; and other macroeconomic 
conditions. Assuming all other market conditions do not change, increases in client activity levels or bid/offer 
spreads generally result in increases in revenues. However, changes in market conditions can significantly

--- Page 84 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-3 
 
 
impact client activity levels, bid/offer spreads and the fair value of product inventory. For example, a decrease 
in market liquidity may increase bid/offer spreads, decrease client activity levels and widen credit spreads on 
product inventory positions. 
ICG's management of the Markets businesses involves daily monitoring and evaluation of the above factors at 
the trading desk as well as the country level. ICG does not separately track the impact on total Markets revenues 
of the volume of transactions, bid/offer spreads, fair value changes of product inventory positions and 
economic hedges because, as noted above, these components are interrelated and are not deemed useful or 
necessary individually to manage the Markets businesses at an aggregate level. 
In the Markets businesses, client revenues are those revenues directly attributable to client transactions at the 
time of inception, including commissions, interest or fees earned. Client revenues do not include the results of 
client facilitation activities (e.g., holding product inventory in anticipation of client demand) or the results of 
certain economic hedging activities. 
For more information on ICG's business activities, see "Institutional Clients Group" in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 
Form 10-K. 
ICG's international presence is supported by trading floors in approximately 80 countries and a proprietary 
network in 96 countries and jurisdictions. At 30 September 2021, ICG had $1.8 trillion in assets and $986 
billion in deposits, while two of its businesses – securities services and issuer services – managed $25.8 trillion 
in assets under custody compared to $24.0 trillion at 31 December 2020 and $25.9 trillion at 30 June 2021. 
Description of corporate structure/governance 
Corporate system 
CGMHI is a corporation organised under the laws of the State of New York in the United States of America. 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, CGMHI complies with the federal laws and regulations of the United 
States and of the laws and regulations of New York State regarding corporate governance. 
Corporate objects 
CGMHI was "formed for the purpose of engaging in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be 
organised under the Business Corporation law" of New York, as stated in Article SECOND of CGMHI's 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation.  
Authorised and issued share capital 
CGMHI's authorised share capital is 1,000 Common Stock of par value $0.01 and 10,000,000 Preferred Stock 
of par value $1.00.  CGMHI's issued share capital is 1,000 Common Stock which is fully paid up and held by 
Citigroup Inc.  No Preferred Stock has been issued. 
Voting power of shareholders 
Subject to the provisions of any applicable law or except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions 
providing for the issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock 
shall exclusively possess voting power for the election of directors and for all other purposes, each holder of 
record of shares of Common Stock being entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock standing in his 
name on the books of CGMHI.  At present, CGMHI has a single shareholder of Common Stock being Citigroup 
Inc. and no holders of Preferred Stock.  As such, the shareholder of Common Stock has a controlling vote with 
respect to all matters submitted to a shareholder vote. No Shareholder, or associated group of shareholders 
acting together, owns enough shares of Citigroup Inc.'s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control 
over Citigroup Inc.

--- Page 85 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-4 
 
 
Election of directors 
The directors of CGMHI are as follows: 
 
Name 
Title 
Shawn K. Feeney 
See below 
Robert F. Klein 
See below 
The other officers of CGMHI are as follows: 
 
Name 
Title 
Shawn K. Feeney 
Chief Executive Officer/Chairman/President 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
Chief Financial Officer 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
Chief Accounting Officer 
Charles Marquardt 
Controller 
Gonzalo Martin 
Treasurer 
Victor Spadafora 
Assistant Treasurer 
Alexia Breuvart 
General Counsel/Secretary 
Donald Bendernagel 
Assistant Secretary 
Sarah Blotner 
Assistant Secretary 
Norma Castro 
Assistant Secretary 
Robert F. Klein 
Assistant Secretary 
Stacey Berg Keller 
Assistant Secretary 
Myongsu Kong 
Assistant Secretary 
Moshe Malina 
Assistant Secretary 
Anne E. Moses 
Assistant Secretary 
Ronny Ostrow 
Assistant Secretary 
Sofia Rahman 
Assistant Secretary 
Rachel Stine 
Assistant Secretary 
Elizabeth Zidones 
Assistant Secretary

--- Page 86 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-5 
 
 
The members of the Notes Committee of CGMHI are as follows: 
Notes Committee 
 
Peter Battin 
 
Gonzalo Martin 
 
Mark Mason 
 
Johnbull Okpara 
 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
 
Victor Spadafora 
 
Elissa Steinberg 
 
Shawn Stolar 
 
Michael Verdeschi 
 
The main duties outside CGMHI performed by the directors and officers listed above are not significant with 
respect to CGMHI. 
The business address of each director and officer of CGMHI is 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, 
United States of America. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any duties owed to CGMHI by the senior 
management listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Audit Committee 
CGMHI does not have an audit committee. 
Dividends 
Except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of Preferred 
Stock, after payment shall have been made to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full amount of dividends to 
which they shall be entitled pursuant to the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of 
Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to the exclusion of the holders of Preferred 
Stock of any and all series, to receive such dividends as from time to time may be declared by the board of 
directors.  At present, no series of Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding. 
Liquidation, dissolution or winding up; pre-emptive rights 
Except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of Preferred 
Stock, in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of CGMHI, whether voluntary or involuntary, 
after payment shall have been made to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full amount to which they shall be 
entitled pursuant to the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the 
holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to the exclusion of the holders of Preferred Stock of any and all 
series, to share rateably according to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them, in all remaining 
assets of CGMHI available for distribution.  At present, no series of Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding.

--- Page 87 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-6 
 
 
No shareholders shall be entitled to any pre-emptive rights in respect of any securities of CGMHI. 
Preferred stock 
The board of directors is authorised, subject to limitations prescribed by law and the provisions of the Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation, to provide for the issuance of the shares of Preferred Stock in series, and by filing 
a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of New York, to establish from time to time the number 
of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the 
shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such shares. 
Auditors 
CGMHI's annual accounts for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 were audited without 
qualification in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in the United States by KPMG LLP, 
independent registered public accountants, 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154. The auditors of 
CGMHI have no material interest in CGMHI. KPMG LLP is a member of the American Institute of Certified 
Public Accountants and is regulated by the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.  
Use of Proceeds 
The proceeds of any issue of Notes will be used by CGMHI and/or its subsidiaries for general corporate 
purposes, which include making a profit. 
Material Contracts 
CGMHI has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Notes issued by it. 
Corporate Authorities 
The accession of CGMHI to the Programme was duly authorised by a certificate of the Notes Committee of 
CGMHI, dated 24 March 2016 (such certificate having been amended and restated on or around the date of 
this Base Prospectus) and pursuant to a resolution of the board of directors of CGMHI, dated 21 December 
2015. The resolution was most recently amended and restated on 24 June 2021. 
Legal proceedings  
For a discussion of CGMHI's material legal and regulatory matters, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements included in the CGMHI 2020 Annual Report and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
included in the CGMHI 2021 Half-Yearly Financial Report.  For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s material legal 
and regulatory matters, of which the matters discussed in Notes 15 and 13 (as specified above) are a part, see 
(i) Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K, (ii) Note 23 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q, (iii) Note 23 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q2 Form 10-Q and (iv) Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q3 Form 10-Q. Save as disclosed in the documents referenced above, 
neither CGMHI nor any of its subsidiaries is involved in, or has been involved in, any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings that may have had in the twelve months before the date of this Base Prospectus, a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of CGMHI or CGMHI and its subsidiaries taken as 
a whole, nor, so far as CGMHI is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened.

--- Page 88 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-7 
 
 
Significant change and material adverse change  
There has been no significant change in the consolidated financial performance or position or trading position 
of CGMHI and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 30 June 2021 (the date of the most recently published 
unaudited interim financial statements of CGMHI) and there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of CGMHI and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 December 2020 (the date of the most 
recently published audited annual financial statements of CGMHI).

--- Page 89 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-8 
 
 
SECTION D.2 – DESCRIPTION OF THE CGMHI GUARANTOR 
Citigroup Inc. (Citi, the Company, or Citigroup) is a global diversified financial services holding company 
whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, yet focused, 
range of financial products and services. Citigroup Inc. has approximately 200 million customer accounts and 
does business in more than 161 countries and jurisdictions.  Citigroup Inc. is a bank holding company within 
the meaning of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 registered with, and subject to examination by, 
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Some of Citi's subsidiaries are 
subject to supervision and examination by their respective federal and state authorities. At 31 December 2020, 
Citigroup Inc. had approximately 200,000 full-time employees worldwide. 
Citigroup Inc.'s objects and purpose is to "engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be 
organised under the General Corporation Law of Delaware", as stated in Article THIRD of Citi's Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation. Citigroup currently operates, for management reporting purposes, via two primary 
business segments: Global Consumer Banking and Institutional Clients Group, with the remaining operations 
in Corporate/Other. Its businesses conduct their activities across the North America, Latin America, Asia and 
Europe, Middle East and Africa regions. Citigroup's principal subsidiaries are Citibank, N.A., Citigroup Global 
Markets Inc. and Grupo Financiero Banamex, S.A. de C.V., each of which is a wholly owned, indirect 
subsidiary of Citigroup. 
Citigroup Inc. is a holding company and services its obligations primarily by earnings from its operating 
subsidiaries. Citigroup Inc. may augment its capital through issuances of common stock, perpetual preferred 
stock and equity issued through awards under employee benefit plans, among other issuances.  Citigroup Inc. 
and Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries that operate in the banking and securities businesses can only pay dividends 
if they are in compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements imposed on them by federal and state 
bank regulatory authorities and securities regulators in the United States.  Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries may be 
party to credit agreements that also may restrict their ability to pay dividends. Citigroup Inc. currently believes 
that none of these regulatory or contractual restrictions on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends will 
affect Citigroup Inc.'s ability to service its own debt. Citigroup Inc. must also maintain the required capital 
levels of a bank holding company, and must submit a capital plan, subjected to stress testing, to the Federal 
Reserve, to which the Federal Reserve does not object, before it may pay dividends on its stock. 
Under longstanding policy of the Federal Reserve, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source of 
financial strength for its subsidiary banks. As a result of this regulatory policy, the Federal Reserve might 
require Citigroup Inc. to commit resources to its subsidiary banks when doing so is not otherwise in the 
interests of Citigroup Inc. or its shareholders or creditors.   
Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.)  
Citigroup Inc. is under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 
(the Dodd-Frank Act) and the rules promulgated by the FDIC and Federal Reserve to periodically submit a 
plan for Citigroup Inc.'s rapid and orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of material 
financial distress or failure. On 17 December 2019, the Federal Reserve and FDIC issued feedback on the 
resolution plans filed on 1 July 2019 by the eight U.S. Global Systemically Important Banks, including 
Citigroup Inc.. The Federal Reserve and FDIC identified one shortcoming, but no deficiencies, in Citigroup 
Inc.’s resolution plan relating to governance mechanisms. Based on regulatory changes effective 31 December 
2019, Citigroup Inc.’s 2021 resolution plan submission, which was filed on 1 July 2021 was a "targeted" 
resolution plan, only including a subset of the information of a full resolution plan and additional information, 
identified by the Federal Reserve and FDIC on 1 July 2020. Citigroup Inc. will alternate between submitting 
a full resolution plan and a targeted resolution plan on a biennial cycle. For additional information on Citigroup 
Inc.’s resolution plan submissions, see "Managing Global Risk—Liquidity Risk— Resolution Plan" in 
Citigroup Inc.’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. Citigroup Inc.’s preferred resolution strategy is 
"single point of entry" under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.

--- Page 90 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-9 
 
 
Under the CGMHI Guarantor's preferred "single point of entry" resolution plan strategy, only the CGMHI 
Guarantor, the parent holding company, would enter into bankruptcy, while the CGMHI Guarantor's material 
legal entities (as defined in the public section of its 2021 resolution plan, which can be found on the Federal 
Reserve's and FDIC's websites) would remain operational and outside of any resolution or insolvency 
proceedings.  The CGMHI Guarantor believes its resolution plan has been designed to minimize the risk of 
systemic impact to the U.S. and global financial systems, while maximizing the value of the bankruptcy estate 
for the benefit of the CGMHI Guarantor's creditors.  In addition, in line with the Federal Reserve's final total 
loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) rule, the CGMHI Guarantor believes it has developed the resolution plan so 
that the CGMHI Guarantor's shareholders and unsecured creditors – including creditors claiming under the 
CGMHI Guarantor guarantee of Notes – bear any losses resulting from the CGMHI Guarantor's bankruptcy. 
In response to feedback received from the Federal Reserve and FDIC (together, the Agencies), the CGMHI 
Guarantor took the following actions:  
(i) 
Citicorp LLC (Citicorp), an existing wholly-owned subsidiary of the CGMHI Guarantor was 
established as an intermediate holding company for certain of the CGMHI Guarantor's operating 
material legal entities; 
(ii) 
the CGMHI Guarantor executed an inter-affiliate agreement with Citicorp, the CGMHI Guarantor's 
operating material legal entities and certain other affiliated entities pursuant to which Citicorp is 
required to provide liquidity and capital support to the CGMHI Guarantor's operating material legal 
entities in the event the CGMHI Guarantor were to enter bankruptcy proceedings (the Citi Support 
Agreement);  
(iii) 
pursuant to the Citi Support Agreement: 
• 
the CGMHI Guarantor made an initial contribution of assets, including certain high-quality liquid 
assets and inter-affiliate loans (the Contributable Assets), to Citicorp, and Citicorp became the 
business as usual funding vehicle for the CGMHI Guarantor's operating material legal entities; 
• 
the CGMHI Guarantor will be obligated to continue to transfer Contributable Assets to Citicorp over 
time, subject to certain amounts retained by the CGMHI Guarantor to, among other things, meet the 
CGMHI Guarantor's near-term cash needs;  
• 
in the event of the CGMHI Guarantor's bankruptcy, the CGMHI Guarantor will be required to 
contribute most of its remaining assets to Citicorp; and 
(iv) 
the obligations of both the CGMHI Guarantor and Citicorp under the Citi Support Agreement, as well 
as the Contributable Assets, are secured pursuant to a security agreement. 
The Citi Support Agreement provides two mechanisms, besides Citicorp's issuing of dividends to the CGMHI 
Guarantor, pursuant to which Citicorp will be required to transfer cash to the CGMHI Guarantor during 
business as usual so that the CGMHI Guarantor can fund its debt service as well as other operating needs:  (i) 
one or more funding notes issued by Citicorp to the CGMHI Guarantor; and (ii) a committed line of credit 
under which Citicorp may make loans to the CGMHI Guarantor. 
Under the terms and conditions of the Notes, the CGMHI Guarantor's bankruptcy, insolvency or resolution 
proceeding will not constitute an event of default with respect to any series of Notes. Moreover, it will not 
constitute an event of default with respect to any series of Notes if the guarantee of the Notes by the CGMHI 
Guarantor ceases to be (or is claimed not to be) in full force and effect for any reason, including by the CGMHI 
Guarantor's insolvency or resolution.  Should the CGMHI Guarantor guarantee no longer be in effect, the 
Issuer will become the sole obligor under the Notes, and there can be no assurance that it would be able to 
continue to meet its obligations under such Notes.

--- Page 91 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-10 
 
 
In the event that the Issuer also enters bankruptcy, at the time of the CGMHI Guarantor's bankruptcy filing or 
at a later time, holders of Notes would be unsecured creditors of the CGMHI Guarantor in respect of the 
CGMHI Guarantor guarantee and, accordingly, cannot be assured that the CGMHI Guarantor guarantee would 
protect them against losses resulting from a default by the Issuer. 
The principal offices for Citigroup Inc. are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, and its 
telephone number is + 1 212 559-1000. The website of Citigroup, Inc. is www.citigroup.com. Citigroup Inc. 
was established as a corporation incorporated in Delaware on 8 March 1988, registered at the Delaware 
Division of Corporations with perpetual duration pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law with file 
number 2154254. Citi's authorised capital stock consists of 6 billion shares of common stock and 30 million 
shares of preferred stock. As at 31 December 2020, there were 2,082,089,209 fully paid common stock shares 
outstanding and 779,200 fully paid preferred shares outstanding. A common stock share carries one vote, and 
no pre-emptive or other subscription rights or conversion rights. A preferred stock share carries no general 
voting rights.  
No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, owns enough shares of Citigroup Inc.'s 
common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over Citi. 
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF CITIGROUP INC. 
The members of the board of directors of Citigroup Inc. are: 
Board of Directors 
 
Main duties outside Citigroup Inc. 
John C. Dugan (Chair, Citigroup Inc.) 
 
- 
Diana L. Taylor 
 
Former Superintendent of Banks, State of New York 
Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon 
 
Director, Center for the Study of Globalization; 
Professor in the Field of International Economics and 
Politics, Yale University 
Lew W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV 
 
Former President and Managing Director, Pacific 
Investment Management Company LLC (PIMCO) 
Peter Blair Henry 
 
Former Dean, New York University Stern School of 
Business 
Duncan P. Hennes 
 
Co-Founder and Partner, Atrevida Partners, LLC 
Gary M. Reiner 
 
Operating Partner, General Atlantic LLC 
James S. Turley 
 
Chairman and CEO (Retired), Ernst & Young 
Ellen M. Costello 
 
Former President and CEO (Retired), BMO Financial 
Corporation and Former U.S. Country Head of BMO 
Financial Group 
Renée J. James 
 
Founder, Chairman and CEO, Ampere Computing 
S. Leslie Ireland 
 
Former Assistant Secretary for Intelligence and 
Analysis, U.S. Department of the Treasury 
Deborah C. Wright 
 
Former Chairman, Carver Bancorp, Inc.

--- Page 92 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-11 
 
 
 
The executive officers of Citigroup Inc. are: Peter Babej, Jane Nind Fraser, Sunil Garg, David Livingstone, 
Mark Mason, Mary McNiff, Karen Peetz, Anand Selvakesari, Edward Skyler, Ernesto Torres Cantu, Zdenek 
Turek, Sara Wechter, Brent McIntosh, Mike Whitaker and Paco Ybarra.  
The business address of each director and executive officer of Citigroup Inc. in such capacities is 388 
Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10013. 
Citigroup Inc. is not aware of any conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the private 
interests and other duties of its senior management and the interests of Citigroup Inc. that would be material 
in the context of any issuance of Notes. 
Citigroup Inc. is in compliance with the laws and regulations of the United States relating to corporate 
governance. 
Committees of the Board of Directors 
The standing committees of Citigroup Inc.'s board of directors are: 
The audit committee, which assists the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to (i) the integrity 
of Citigroup Inc.'s consolidated financial statements, financial reporting process and systems of internal 
accounting and financial controls, (ii) the performance of the internal audit function, (iii) the annual 
independent integrated audit of Citigroup Inc.'s consolidated financial statements and effectiveness of 
Citigroup Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting, the engagement of the independent registered public 
accounting firm and the evaluation of the independent registered public accounting firm's qualifications, 
independence and performance, (iv) policy standards and guidelines for risk assessment and risk management, 
(v) Citigroup Inc.'s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, including Citigroup Inc.'s disclosure 
controls and procedures, and (vi) the fulfilment of the other responsibilities set out in the audit committee's 
charter. 
The members of the audit committee are Ellen M. Costello, Grace E. Dailey, John C. Dugan, Duncan P. 
Hennes, Renée J. James, James S. Turley and Deborah C. Wright. 
The risk management committee, which assists the board in fulfilling its responsibility for (i) oversight of 
Citigroup Inc.'s risk management framework, including the significant policies, procedures and practices used 
in managing credit, market, operational and certain other risks; (ii) oversight of Citigroup Inc.'s policies and 
practices relating to funding risk, liquidity risk and price risk, which constitute significant components of 
market risk, and risks pertaining to capital management; and (iii) oversight of the performance of the 
Fundamental Credit Risk credit review function. 
The members of the risk management and finance committee are Ellen M. Costello, Grace E. Dailey, Barbara 
Desoer, John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes and James S. Turley. 
Grace E. Dailey 
 
Former Senior Deputy Comptroller for Bank 
Supervision Policy and Chief National Bank 
Examiner, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
(OCC) 
Barbara Desoer 
 
Former Chief Executive Officer, Citibank N.A. 
Jane Fraser 
 
-

--- Page 93 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-12 
 
 
The personnel and compensation committee, which is responsible for determining the compensation for the 
Chief Executive Officer and approving the compensation of other executive officers and other members of 
senior management. The committee is also responsible for approving the incentive compensation structure for 
other members of senior management and certain highly compensated employees (including discretionary 
incentive awards to covered employees as defined in applicable bank regulatory guidance), in accordance with 
guidelines established by the committee from time to time. The committee also has broad oversight of 
compliance with bank regulatory guidance governing Citigroup Inc.'s incentive compensation. 
The members of the personnel and compensation committee are John C. Dugan,  Peter B. Henry, Lew W. (Jay) 
Jacobs IV, Gary M. Reiner, Diana L. Taylor, Deborah C. Wright and Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon. 
The nomination, governance and public affairs committee, which is responsible for (i) identifying individuals 
qualified to become Board members and recommending to the Board the director nominees for the next annual 
meeting of stockholders; (ii) leading the Board in its annual review of the Board's performance; (iii) 
recommending to the Board directors as to the composition for each committee for appointment by the Board; 
(iv) shaping corporate governance policies and practices and monitoring Citigroup Inc.'s compliance with such 
policies and practices; and (v) reviewing and approving all related party transactions. The committee also has 
responsibility for reviewing political and charitable contributions made by Citigroup Inc. and the Citigroup 
Foundation, reviewing Citigroup Inc.'s policies and practices regarding supplier diversity, reviewing Citigroup 
Inc.'s business practices and reviewing Citigroup Inc.'s sustainability policies and programs, including 
environmental, climate change and human rights. 
The members of the nomination, governance and public affairs committee are John C. Dugan, Peter B. Henry, 
Lew W. (Jay) Jacobs IV, Gary M. Reiner, Diana L. Taylor, Deborah C. Wright and Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de 
Leon.  
The executive committee, which is responsible for acting on behalf of the Board if a matter requires Board 
action before a meeting of the full Board can be held. 
The members of the executive committee are Barbara Desoer, John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes, Peter B. 
Henry, Lew W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV, Diana L. Taylor and James S. Turley. 
The operations and technology committee, which is responsible for oversight of the scope, direction, quality, 
and execution of Citigroup Inc.'s technology strategies formulated by management and providing guidance on 
technology as it may pertain to, among other things, Citigroup Inc. business products and technology 
platforms. 
The operations and technology committee is comprised of Barbara Desoer, S. Leslie Ireland and Renee J. 
James and Gary M. Reiner. 
The ethics, conduct and culture committee, which is responsible for (i) oversight of management's efforts to 
foster a culture of ethics within the organization; (ii) oversight and shaping the definition of Citigroup Inc.'s 
value proposition; (iii) oversight of management's efforts to enhance and communicate Citigroup Inc.'s value 
proposition, evaluating management's progress, and providing feedback on these efforts; (iv) reviewing and 
assessing the culture of the organization to determine if further enhancements are needed to foster ethical 
decision-making by employees; (v) oversight of management's efforts to support ethical decision making in 
the organization, evaluating management's progress, and providing feedback on these efforts; and (vi) 
reviewing Citigroup Inc.'s Code of Conduct and the Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals. 
The members of the ethics, conduct and culture committee are Peter Blair Henry, S. Leslie Ireland, Lew W. 
(Jay) Jacobs IV, Deborah C. Wright and Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon.

--- Page 94 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-13 
 
 
Auditors 
The auditors of Citigroup Inc. are KPMG LLP of 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154, United States of 
America.  KPMG LLP is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is regulated 
by the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 
KPMG LLP audited the consolidated balance sheets of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 and 
the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the 
years in the three-year period ended 31 December 2020. KPMG LLP expressed an unqualified opinion on such 
financial statements in its report dated 26 February 2021. 
Material Contracts 
Citigroup Inc. has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Notes. 
Corporate authorities 
Citigroup Inc. has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the United States in 
connection with the establishment and update of the Programme, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the 
performance of the Notes. The giving of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee was authorised by a certificate of the 
Funding Committee of Citigroup Inc., dated 9 February 2016. 
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 27 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K, (ii) Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q, (iii) Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q2 Form 10-Q and (iv) Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 
Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q3 Form 10-Q.  Save as disclosed in the documents referenced above, neither Citigroup 
Inc. nor any of its subsidiaries is involved in, or has been involved in, any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings that may have had, in the twelve months before the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole, 
nor, so far as Citigroup Inc. is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position or trading position of Citigroup 
Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole since 30 September 2021 (the date of Citigroup Inc.'s 
most recently published unaudited interim financial statements), and there has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 December 2020 
(the date of Citigroup Inc.'s most recently published audited annual financial statements).

--- Page 95 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-14 
 
 
SECTION D.3 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2020 FORM 10-K) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs). For further 
details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) how these APMs are calculated, (iii) an explanation of why 
such APMs provide useful information for investors and (iv) a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US 
GAAP measures, please see references to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 
10-K and the table below: 
 
APM 
Explanation of Why Use of APM 
Provides Useful Information 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K 
Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation 
and 
Comparatives 
to 
Previous 
Reporting Periods 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the impact of 
Foreign 
Exchange 
Translation (FX Translation) 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding the 
impact of FX Translation provides a 
more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 6, 7, 8, 22, 23, 25, 29, 30, 
93, 97 and 104 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the Impact of Tax 
Reform 
Citi believes the presentation of the 
results excluding the impact of Tax 
Reform 
provides 
a 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals 
of 
its 
business 
Pages 48 and 128 
Tangible Common Equity, 
Tangible Book Value per 
Share and Return on Tangible 
Common Equity 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide 
alternative 
measures 
of 
capital strength and performance that 
are commonly used by investors and 
industry analysts. 
Pages 15, 48 and 128 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the Impact of 
Gains/(Losses) on 
Loan 
Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding the 
impact of gains/(losses) on loan 
hedges related to accrual loans 
provides a more meaningful depiction 
for investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 8, 28 and 29

--- Page 96 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-15 
 
 
APM 
Explanation of Why Use of APM 
Provides Useful Information 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Form 10-K 
Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation 
and 
Comparatives 
to 
Previous 
Reporting Periods 
Institutional Clients Group 
Markets Net Interest Revenue 
and non-Institutional Clients 
Group Markets Net Interest 
Revenue 
Citi believes presentation of these 
measures provides a meaningful 
depiction 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its lending, investing 
and deposit raising businesses. 
Page 104

--- Page 97 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-16 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2021 Q1 FORM 10-Q) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q contains certain APMs. For further details on (i) the components of 
the APMs, (ii) how these APMs are calculated, (iii) an explanation of why such APMs provide useful 
information for investors and (iv) a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US GAAP measures, please see 
references to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-Q and the table below: 
 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q1 Form 10-
Q Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the impact of FX Translation 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations excluding 
the impact of FX Translation 
provides a more meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
businesses. 
Pages 3, 4, 5, 11, 14, 15, 17, 20, 21, 
58, 61 and 67 
Tangible 
Common 
Equity, 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
and 
Return 
on 
Tangible 
Common Equity 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide alternative measures of 
capital strength and performance 
that are commonly used by 
investors and industry analysts. 
Pages 7, 35 and 65 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the Impact of Gains/(Losses) on 
Loan Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations excluding 
the impact of gains/(losses) on 
loan hedges related to accrual 
loans provides a more meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
businesses. 
Pages 4, 19 and 20 
ICG 
markets 
net 
interest 
revenues 
and 
net 
interest 
revenue excluding ICG Markets 
Citi believes these measures 
provide 
a 
more 
meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
business results. 
Page 67

--- Page 98 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-17 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2021 Q2 FORM 10-Q) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q2 Form 10-Q contains certain APMs. For further details on (i) the components of 
the APMs, (ii) how these APMs are calculated, (iii) an explanation of why such APMs provide useful 
information for investors and (iv) a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US GAAP measures, please see 
references to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q2 Form 10-Q and the table below: 
 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q2 Form 10-
Q Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation 
and 
Comparatives 
to 
Previous 
Reporting Periods 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the impact of FX Translation 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding the 
impact of FX Translation provides 
a more meaningful depiction for 
investors 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 3, 4, 5, 11, 14, 15, 17, 20, 21, 
58, 61 and 67 
Tangible 
Common 
Equity, 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
and Return on Tangible Common 
Equity 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide alternative measures of 
capital strength and performance 
that are commonly used by 
investors and industry analysts. 
Pages 7, 35 and 65 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the Impact of Gains/(Losses) on 
Loan Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding the 
impact of gains/(losses) on loan 
hedges related to accrual loans 
provides 
a 
more 
meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
businesses. 
Pages 4, 5, 19, 20 and 21 
ICG 
markets 
net 
interest 
revenues and net interest revenue 
excluding ICG Markets 
Citi believes these measures 
provide 
a 
more 
meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
business results. 
Page 67

--- Page 99 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-18 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2021 Q3 FORM 10-Q) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q3 Form 10-Q contains certain APMs. For further details on (i) the components of 
the APMs, (ii) how these APMs are calculated, (iii) an explanation of why such APMs provide useful 
information for investors and (iv) a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US GAAP measures, please see 
references to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q3 Form 10-Q and the table below: 
 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q3 Form 
10-Q Page Reference for Basis 
of Calculation, Components, 
Reconciliation 
and 
Comparatives 
to 
Previous 
Reporting Periods 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the impact of FX 
Translation 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding the 
impact of FX Translation provides a 
more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 3, 4, 5, 11, 14, 15, 16, 17, 
20, 21, 51, 58 and 61  
Tangible Common Equity, 
Tangible Book Value per 
Share and Return on Tangible 
Common Equity 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide alternative measures of capital 
strength and performance that are 
commonly used by investors and 
industry analysts. 
Pages 7, 35 and 65 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the Impact of 
Gains/(Losses) 
on 
Loan 
Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding the 
impact of gains/(losses) on loan hedges 
related to accrual loans provides a more 
meaningful depiction for investors of 
the underlying fundamentals of its 
businesses. 
Pages 5, 19, 20 and 21 
Results of Operations and 
Financial 
Condition 
excluding the Impact of the 
Sale 
of 
the 
Consumer 
Banking 
Business 
in 
Australia 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations and financial 
condition excluding the impact of 
Australia sale provides a meaningful 
depiction 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its broader results and 
Asia 
Global 
Consumer 
Banking 
Business’ results for investors, industry 
analysts and others. 
Pages 3, 4, 10, 16, 17, 37, 42, 43, 
51, 58, 78, 79, 101, 150 and 154

--- Page 100 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
D-19 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. JANUARY 2022 FORM 8-K) 
The Citigroup Inc. January 2022 Form 8-K contains several APMs.  For further details on (i) the components 
of the APMs, (ii) how these APMs are calculated, (iii) an explanation of why such APMs provide useful 
information for investors and (iv) a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent U.S. GAAP measures, please see 
references to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in the Citigroup Inc. January 2022 Form 8-K and the table 
below: 
 
APM 
Explanation of Why Use of APM 
Provides Useful Information 
Citigroup Inc. 14 January 2022  
Form 8-K Page Reference for Basis 
of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives to 
Previous Reporting Periods 
Results of Operations 
Excluding the impact of 
Foreign 
Exchange 
Translation 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding the 
impact of FX translation provides a 
more 
meaningful depiction for 
investors 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Appendix B on page 9 and footnote 6 
on page 12; and Exhibit 99.2 on pages 
6, 8, 13, 15, 19 and 20 
Tangible Book Value per 
Share 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide useful information, as they 
are used by investors and industry 
analysts. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 1, 2 3 and 4, 
Appendix E on page 11 and footnote 4 
on page 12; and Exhibit 99.2, on pages 
1 (including footnote 10) and 27 
Tangible 
Common 
Equity and Return on 
Average 
Tangible 
Common Equity 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide 
useful 
information 
for 
investors and industry analysts. 
Exhibit 99.1, page 1, Appendix A on 
page 8 and Appendix E on page 11 and 
footnote 1 on page 12; and Exhibit 99.2, 
on page 27 
Results of Operations 
Excluding the Impact of 
gains/ (losses) on Loan 
Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding the 
impact of gain/(loss) on loan hedges 
related to accrual loans provides a 
more 
meaningful depiction for 
investors 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 3, 4, 5 and 6 and 
footnote 7 on page 12; Exhibit 99.2, on 
page 7(including footnote 1) 
Results of Operations 
and Financial Condition 
excluding the Impact of 
the Sale of the Consumer 
Banking 
Busines 
in 
Australia. 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations and financial 
condition excluding the impact of 
the 
Australia 
sale 
provides 
a 
meaningful 
depiction 
of 
the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
broader results and Asia GCB 
businesses results for investors, 
industry analysts and others. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 1, 2 and 5, 
Appendix B on page 9 and footnote 5 
on page 12.

--- Page 101 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-1 
 
 
SECTION E– GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
NOTES

--- Page 102 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-2 
 
 
SECTION E.1 – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue notes (together, the Securities, including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, Notes issued under this Base Prospectus) denominated or payable in any currency, 
subject as set out herein.  The applicable terms of any Securities will be agreed between the Issuer and, where 
applicable, the relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the Securities and will be set out in the terms and conditions 
of the Securities which, for the purpose of Notes issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, shall mean the "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" endorsed on, scheduled to, or incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as 
completed by Part A of the applicable Final Terms or as modified and/or supplemented, as applicable, by Part 
A of the applicable Pricing Supplement, in each case, as attached to, or endorsed on, such Notes.

--- Page 103 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-3 
 
 
SECTION E.2 – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF NOTES UNDER 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
1. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes to be admitted to trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market and to be listed on the Official List. The Euronext Dublin Regulated Market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of MIFID II.   
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on Euronext Dublin's global exchange market. Euronext Dublin's global exchange market is 
not a regulated market for the purposes of MIFID II.   
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an issue of Notes may or may not be listed or admitted to 
trading, as the case may be, on Euronext Dublin and/or any other stock exchange or market as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
2. 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC.  The 
address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the 
address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States.   
The Issuer may make an application for any Notes issued by it in registered form to be accepted for 
trading in book-entry form by DTC.  The Common Code or CUSIP, as applicable and the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
3. 
Neither the Issuer nor the CGMHI Guarantor will provide any post issuance information, except if 
required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
4. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is 82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31. 
5. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the CGMHI Guarantor is 6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395. 
6. 
Neither the Issuer nor the CGMHI Guarantor will provide any post issuance information, except if 
required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
7. 
Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Notes is available from 
internationally recognised published or electronically displayed sources, including any Page or, as the 
case may be, page referred to in the applicable Floating Rate Option, in each case as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 104 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-4 
 
 
SECTION E.3 – ISSUE OF NOTES 
Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a Series).  The Notes of each Series are intended to 
be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
Each Series of Notes may be issued in tranches (each a Tranche) which are identical to other Tranches 
constituting such series in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) or in all respects save 
for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 105 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-5 
 
 
SECTION E.4 – FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in registered form.  Notes may be offered and sold either outside the United 
States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) or within the 
United States to QIBs (as defined below) in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A). 
The Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold in offshore 
transactions to persons that are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) outside the United States, will be 
represented by a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate (a Regulation S Global Registered Note 
Certificate).  Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate may not be offered, 
sold or otherwise transferred to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and may not be held otherwise 
than through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) or Clearstream Banking, SA (Clearstream, Luxembourg) 
and such Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on 
transfer. 
The Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A may only be offered and sold in private 
transactions to "qualified institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A (QIBs).  The Notes of each 
Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate (a Rule 144A 
Global Registered Note Certificate and, together with a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate, the 
Global Registered Note Certificates), and beneficial interests therein may not be offered, sold or transferred 
at any time except to a QIB purchasing or (holding) the Notes for its account or for the account of one or more 
QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A. 
Global Registered Note Certificates will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of, the Depository Trust Company (DTC) for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Global Registered Note Certificates are 
to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS) a Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  Persons holding beneficial interests in Global Registered Note 
Certificates will be entitled or required, as the case may be, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in 
fully registered form. 
The Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth 
therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Where the Global Registered Note Certificates issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under 
the NSS, the applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether or not such Global Registered Note Certificate is 
intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global 
Registered Note Certificates are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for a Global Registered Note Certificate held 
under the NSS will be held either by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) 
who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a 
particular principal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of such Notes standing to the account of 
any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated

--- Page 106 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-6 
 
 
by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes for 
all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such principal amount of such 
Notes, for which purpose the registered holder of the relevant Global Registered Note Certificate shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and each Agent as the holder of such principal amount of such 
Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Registered Note Certificate and the 
expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a Global Registered Note Certificate, DTC 
or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by 
such Global Registered Note Certificate for all purposes under the Fiscal Agency Agreement and such Notes 
except to the extent that, in accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures, any ownership rights may 
be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, 
as the case may be, subject to the restrictions on transfer described herein.  Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular principal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for such person's share of each payment made by the 
Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor to the holder of such Global Registered Note Certificate and the obligations 
of the Issuer in respect thereof will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Registered Note 
Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. 
Exchanges of Global Registered Note Certificates 
A Global Registered Note Certificate may be exchanged in whole but not in part (free of charge) for 
definitive Registered Note Certificates only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
An Exchange Event means: 
(a) 
an Event of Default (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred and 
is continuing; or 
(b) 
if the Global Registered Note Certificate is registered in the name of a nominee for a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the 
Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, the Issuer has been notified that Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, has/have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
has/have announced an intention permanently to cease business or has/have in fact done so 
and no successor clearing system is available; or  
(c) 
if the Global Registered Note Certificate is registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, 
either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository 
for the Notes and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute 
a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and no successor clearing system is 
available; or 
(d) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Notes represented by the Global Registered Note Certificate in definitive form.  
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  In 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (a) to (c) above, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or DTC, as the case may be, acting on the instructions of any holder 
of an interest in such Global Registered Note Certificate may give notice to the Registrar requesting

--- Page 107 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-7 
 
 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (a) to (d) above, 
the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any exchange shall occur no 
later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Any exchanges of a Global Registered Note Certificate will be made upon presentation of the Global 
Registered Note Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar by the holder of it on any day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in the city of the specified 
office of the Registrar. 
Deed of Covenant 
Where any Note is represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate and (a) the Global Registered Note 
Certificate (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
of such Notes or the Maturity Date has occurred and, in either case, redemption has not occurred in accordance 
with the provisions of the Global Registered Note Certificate, or (b) following an Exchange Event, the Global 
Registered Note Certificate is not duly exchanged for Registered Note Certificates in definitive form by the 
date provided in the Global Registered Note Certificate, then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such date each 
holder of an interest in such Global Registered Note Certificate held through the relevant Clearing System(s) 
will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on, and subject to, the terms of the CGMHI Deed 
of Covenant executed by the Issuer and the relevant registered holder will have no further rights under the 
Global Registered Note Certificate (but without prejudice to the rights any person may have under the CGMHI 
Deed of Covenant).  
Clearing Systems 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearance system specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 108 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-8 
 
 
SECTION E.5 – BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream or Luxembourg, (together, the Clearing Systems) currently in 
effect.  
The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuer 
believes to be reliable, but none of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or any Dealer takes any responsibility 
for the accuracy thereof, except that the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor accept responsibility for accurately 
reproducing such information and, as far as the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor are aware and are able to 
ascertain from information published by the relevant Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  This paragraph should be read in 
conjunction with the first paragraph set out under the heading "Responsibility Statement" on page 6.  
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System.  None of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or any other party to the Fiscal Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in 
the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking 
Law, a banking organisation within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal 
Reserve System, a clearing corporation within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and 
a clearing agency registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  DTC holds 
securities that its participants (Direct Participants) deposit with DTC.  DTC also facilitates the settlement 
among Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited 
securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants' accounts, thereby 
eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates.  Direct Participants include both U.S. 
and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other 
organisations.  DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC). 
DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing 
Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies.  DTCC is owned by the users of its regulation 
subsidiaries.  Access to the DTC System is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks 
and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either 
directly or indirectly (Indirect Participants and, together with Direct Participants, the Participants). More 
information about DTCC can be found at www.dtcc.com but such information is not incorporated by reference 
in and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the Rules), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect to Notes 
accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system (DTC Notes) as described below and receives and transmits 
distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The Rules are on file with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission.  Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Notes 
(Owners) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry transfers 
and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners.  Accordingly, although Owners 
who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Notes, the Rules, by 
virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive 
payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes.

--- Page 109 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-9 
 
 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records.  The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each 
DTC Note (Beneficial Owner) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct Participant's and Indirect Participant's 
records.  Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial 
Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic 
statements of their holdings, from the Direct Participant or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial 
Owner entered into the transaction.  Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished 
by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners.  Beneficial Owners will 
not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the 
book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorised 
representative of DTC.  The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. 
or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership.  DTC has no knowledge of the actual 
Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to 
whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners.  The 
Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect 
from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC.  If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being redeemed, 
DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be 
redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes 
unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC's MMI Procedures.  Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date.  The Omnibus 
Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC 
Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may 
be requested by an authorised representative of DTC.  DTC's practice is to credit Direct Participants' accounts 
upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer or the relevant agent (or 
such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC), on the relevant payment 
date in accordance with their respective holdings shown in DTC's records.  Payments by Participants to 
Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with 
securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC 
or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time.  Payment 
of principal and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct 
Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the 
responsibility of Direct Participants and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, DTC will exchange the DTC Notes for definitive Notes, which it will distribute 
to its Participants in accordance with their proportionate entitlements and which will be legended as set forth 
under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Notes purchased or tendered, through its 
Participant, to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Notes by causing the Direct Participant 
to transfer the Participant’s interest in the DTC Notes, on DTC’s records, to the relevant agent. The requirement 
for physical delivery of DTC Notes in connection with an optional tender or a mandatory purchase will be

--- Page 110 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-10 
 
 
deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the DTC Notes are transferred by Direct Participants on DTC’s 
records and followed by a book-entry credit of tendered DTC Notes to the relevant agent’s DTC account. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depositary with respect to the DTC Notes at any time by giving 
reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor 
depositary is not obtained, DTC Note certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a 
successor securities depositary). In that event, DTC Note certificates will be printed and delivered to DTC. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, 
any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise 
take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Notes from DTC as described 
below.  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective 
accountholders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may 
settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations.  Indirect access 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate accepted in its book-entry settlement system.  Upon the issue of any such Global Registered Note 
Certificate, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective principal amounts 
of the individual beneficial interests represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate to the accounts of 
persons who have accounts with DTC.  Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant 
Dealer.  Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Global Registered Note Certificate will be limited to Direct 
Participants or Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Registered Note 
Certificate, the respective depositories of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Ownership of beneficial 
interests in a Global Registered Note Certificate accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such 
ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the 
interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect 
Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Global Registered Note Certificate accepted 
by DTC will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note.  In the case of 
any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of 
DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or 
a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Global Registered Note 
Certificate in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to 
be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants' account.

--- Page 111 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-11 
 
 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that it will 
not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants to beneficial 
owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with 
securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not the 
responsibility of DTC, the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar, the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor. Payment of 
principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer.  
Transfers of Notes Represented by Global Registered Note Certificates 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate within Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating 
procedures of the relevant clearing system and will be subject to the transfer restrictions described herein. The 
laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in 
definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate 
to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, 
because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of 
Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Notes represented by a Global Registered 
Note Certificate accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in the 
DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange 
such Notes for Notes in definitive form.  The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Global Registered 
Note Certificate accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the 
proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a Direct Participant or Indirect 
Participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes described under "Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and directly 
or indirectly through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders, on the other, will be effected by 
the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal 
Agent and any custodian with whom the relevant Global Registered Note Certificates have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between 
accountholders in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and transfers of Notes of such Series between 
participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3).  The 
customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Global Registered Note Certificates among participants 
and accountholders of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC.  However, they are under no 
obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or 
changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the Agents and any Dealer will be responsible 
for any performance by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or their Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants or accountholders of their obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations, 
nor will the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, any Agent or any Dealer have any liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Global 
Registered Note Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial interests.  
Euroclear UK and Ireland (CREST) 
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, indirect interests in Notes will be accepted for settlement through 
CREST. Following their delivery into a clearing system, interests in the relevant Notes may be delivered, held 
and settled in CREST by means of the creation of CDIs representing the interests in the relevant Notes. The 
CDIs will be issued by the CREST Depository to CDI Holders and will be governed by English Law.

--- Page 112 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-12 
 
 
The CDIs will represent indirect interests in the interest of the CREST Nominee in the relevant Notes. Pursuant 
to the documents setting out the legal relationship of CREST with its users and participants (the CREST 
Manual), Notes held in global form by a common depositary may be settled through CREST, and the CREST 
Depository will issue CDIs. The CDIs will be independent securities, constituted under English law, which 
may be held and transferred through CREST. 
Interests in the relevant Notes will be credited to the CREST Nominee's account with Euroclear and the CREST 
Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue CDIs to the relevant 
CREST participants. 
Each CDI will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were a relevant Note, for the purposes of 
determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof. The CREST Depository will 
pass on to CDI Holders any interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the relevant Notes on trust for 
such CDI Holder. CDI Holders will also be able to receive from the CREST Depository notices of meetings 
of holders of the relevant Notes and other relevant notices issued by the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor.  
Transfers of interests in Notes by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected by cancellation of the CDIs and transfer of an interest in such Notes to the account 
of the relevant participant with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The CDIs will have the same ISIN as the ISIN of the relevant Notes and will not require a separate listing. 
Prospective subscribers for Notes represented by CDIs are referred to Chapter 8 of the CREST International 
Manual (as defined below) which contains the form of the CREST Global Deed Poll (the CREST Deed Poll) 
to be entered into by the CREST Depository. The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the 
arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor, 
including the CREST Deed Poll. These rights may be different from those of holders of Notes which are not 
represented by CDIs. 
CDIs will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST International Settlement Links 
Service (the CREST International Settlement Links Service). The settlement of the CDIs by means of the 
CREST International Settlement Links Service has the following consequences for CDI Holders: 
(a) 
CDI Holders will not be the legal owners of the relevant Notes. The CDIs are separate legal 
instruments from such Notes and represent an indirect interest in such Notes. 
(b) 
The relevant Notes themselves (as distinct from the CDIs representing indirect interests in such Notes) 
will be held in account with a custodian. The custodian will hold the relevant Notes through a clearing 
system. Rights in the relevant Notes will be held through custodial and depository links through the 
appropriate clearing systems. The legal title to the relevant Notes or to interests in such Notes will 
depend on the rules of the clearing system in or through which the relevant Notes are held. 
(c) 
Rights under the relevant Notes cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly through the 
intermediary depositories and custodians described above. The enforcement of rights under the 
relevant Notes will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant intermediary. The rights of CDI 
Holders to the relevant Notes are represented by the entitlements against the CREST Depository which 
(through the CREST Nominee) holds interests in the relevant Notes. This could result in an elimination 
or reduction in the payments that otherwise would have been made in respect of the relevant Notes in 
the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant intermediary, in particular where the relevant 
Notes held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose accounts and are fungible with other 
securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant intermediaries.

--- Page 113 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-13 
 
 
(d) 
The CDIs issued to CDI Holders will be constituted and issued pursuant to the CREST Deed Poll. CDI 
Holders will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions of, or prescribed 
pursuant to, the CREST International Manual dated 8 December 2020, as amended, modified, varied 
or supplemented from time to time (the CREST International Manual) and the CREST Rules dated 
15 January 2021, as amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time (the CREST Rules) 
(which, in each case, form part of the CREST Manual) and CDI Holders must comply in full with all 
obligations imposed on them by such provisions. 
(e) 
Potential investors should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST International 
Manual and the CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings to be 
given by CDI Holders and limitations on the liability of the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CREST Depository. 
(f) 
CDI Holders may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, 
representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. The attention of potential 
investors is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST International Manual and the 
CREST Rules, copies of which are available from CREST at 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB 
or 
by 
calling 
+44 
(0) 
20 
7849 
0000 
or 
from 
the 
CREST 
website 
at 
www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI. 
(g) 
Potential investors should note CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses 
to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links 
Service. These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the 
provision of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses 
which may be or become payable in connection with the holding of the CDIs through the CREST 
International Settlement Links Service. 
(h) 
Potential investors should note that none of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, any Dealer, any 
distributor, any Paying Agent or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent will have any responsibility for 
the performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or 
accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations.

--- Page 114 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-14 
 
 
SECTION E.6– CERTAIN BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR CONSIDERATIONS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), prescribes rules 
pertaining to the management of "plan assets" of pension and other employee benefit plans subject to ERISA 
(ERISA Plans) and the appointment of parties who may manage such assets.  Section 406 of ERISA and 
Section 4975 of the Code prohibit ERISA Plans, as well as those plans that are not subject to ERISA but that 
are subject to Section 4975 of the Code, such as individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans (together with 
ERISA Plans, Plans), and certain investment entities in which Plans invest, from engaging in certain 
transactions involving "plan assets" with persons who are "parties in interest" under ERISA or "disqualified 
persons" under Section 4975 of the Code with respect to such Plans. 
The rules and regulations applicable under ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code contain certain "look-
through" provisions.  Under these provisions, if a Plan invests in an equity interest of an entity, the assets of 
the Plan will be deemed to include not only the equity interest but also an undivided interest in each of the 
underlying assets of the entity, unless an exception to the look-through rule were to apply.  An "equity interest" 
is defined under the applicable rules as any interest in an entity other than an instrument treated as indebtedness 
under applicable local law that has no substantial equity features.  No assurance can be given that the Notes 
will not be treated as equity interests for these purposes.  The look-through rule would not apply if the Notes 
or the Issuer qualified for an exception available under applicable rules.  If a Plan were to acquire an interest 
in the Notes, and no exception to the look-through rule were to apply, the Issuer would be regarded as a plan 
asset entity and the assets and transactions would be attributed to the Plan investor.  In this event, the Plan 
investor could be viewed as having improperly delegated to the Issuer responsibility for the management of 
the Plan’s assets, and the transactions and holdings of the Issuer might involve violations of the prohibited 
transaction rules of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, as well as violations of other rules applicable under 
ERISA. 
Based on the foregoing, the Notes may not be acquired or held by a Plan or any party acting on behalf of or 
using the assets of a Plan.  Any purchaser or subsequent transferee of the Notes or any interest therein will be 
deemed to have represented by its purchase thereof that it is not a Plan and is not acting on behalf of or using 
the assets of a Plan.

--- Page 115 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-15 
 
 
SECTION E.7– SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in an Amended and Restated Dealership Agreement dated 5 
February 2021 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated, the Dealership Agreement) between the Issuer, 
the CGMHI Guarantor, the Arranger and the Dealers (as defined in the Dealership Agreement), the Notes will 
be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Dealers.  However, the Issuer reserves the right to sell 
Notes directly on its own behalf to other entities, in accordance with all applicable rules and regulations.  Notes 
may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined 
by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer.  The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as 
agent of the Issuer.  The Dealership Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches 
which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor have agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in 
connection with the offer and sale of the Notes issued by such Issuer, including in relation to liabilities arising 
under the Securities Act.  The Dealership Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of 
them by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, by any Dealer or the Arranger, at any time on giving not less than 
ten days' notice. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes are advised to consult legal counsel prior to 
making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes. 
Each purchaser of Notes or any beneficial interest therein, by its acquisition or acceptance thereof, will be 
deemed to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 
144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
(a) in the case of Notes offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, that such purchaser is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; or (b) in the 
case of Notes offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
that such purchaser is a "qualified institutional buyer" (a QIB), purchasing (or holding) the Notes for 
its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and it is aware that the offer and sale to it is 
being made in reliance on Rule 144A; 
(ii) 
that the Notes and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee are being offered and sold in a transaction not 
involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the 
Notes and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except as set forth below 
with respect to Notes offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A; 
(iii) 
(a) in the case of Notes offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, that such purchaser will not re-sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any 
beneficial interest therein at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a 
U.S. person, other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof; and (b) in the case of Notes offered and sold 
in reliance on Rule 144A, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that such purchaser will not re-
sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time other than to 
(1) the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (2) a person it reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing (or 
holding) for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the States of the 
United States and any other jurisdiction; 
(iv) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the 
resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (iii) above;

--- Page 116 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-16 
 
 
(v) 
that Notes offered and sold in the United States to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A will be represented 
by one or more Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificates, and that Notes offered and sold outside 
the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by one or more 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificates; 
(vi) 
that the Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificates will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"NEITHER THIS GLOBAL SECURITY NOR THE CGMHI DEED OF GUARANTEE HAS BEEN 
NOR WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE SECURITIES ACT) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF 
ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE.  BY ITS 
ACQUISITION OF AN INTEREST HEREIN, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A 
"QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY AT ANY TIME OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR 
ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF; OR (2) TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY 
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 
144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS IN A TRANSACTION 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, AND IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; (C) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS NOT, 
AND ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE NOTES IS NOT MADE ON BEHALF OF OR 
WITH "PLAN ASSETS" OF, AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE 
U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), 
A PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE 
CODE) OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN SUBJECT TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR 
REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE; AND (D) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM 
AN 
INTEREST 
IN 
THIS 
GLOBAL 
SECURITY 
IS 
TRANSFERRED 
A 
NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND.  THE NOTES AND THE CGMHI 
DEED OF GUARANTEE [AND ANY [ASSET AMOUNT] [LA SETTLEMENT ASSET]]** DO 
NOT CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A 
COMMODITY FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. 
COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED (THE CEA), AND TRADING IN THE NOTES 
HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING 
COMMISSION PURSUANT TO THE CEA.  THE ISSUER RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE 
THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS 
MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT ANY PROPOSED 
TRANSFER OF ANY INTEREST HEREIN IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE FISCAL AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT 
WITH NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY, GIVEN IN 
                                                     
**  
Applicable only for Notes where Physical Delivery is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 117 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-17 
 
 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND 
PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE 
INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY.  ANY HOLDER OF AN INTEREST 
IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
THEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON SUCH HOLDER AND ALL FUTURE 
HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY AND ANY NOTES ISSUED IN 
EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION 
THEREOF IS MADE HEREON)."; 
(vii) 
that the Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificates will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"NEITHER THIS GLOBAL SECURITY NOR THE CGMHI DEED OF GUARANTEE HAS BEEN 
NOR WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE SECURITIES ACT) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF 
ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES, AND THIS GLOBAL 
SECURITY MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS SUCH TERMS ARE USED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT), OTHER THAN THE ISSUER AND ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF AND 
PAYMENTS [AND/OR DELIVERIES]** ON THE NOTES MAY NOT BE MADE TO ANY U.S. 
PERSON OR ANY PERSON WITHIN THE UNITED STATES.  CERTIFICATION OF NON-U.S. 
BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP MAY BE REQUIRED AS A CONDITION TO RECEIVING ANY 
PAYMENTS [AND/OR DELIVERIES]** ON THE NOTES.  BY ITS ACQUISITION OF AN 
INTEREST HEREIN, THE HOLDER REPRESENTS THAT IT IS NOT, AND ITS PURCHASE 
AND HOLDING OF THE NOTES IS NOT MADE ON BEHALF OF OR WITH "PLAN ASSETS" 
OF, AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), A PLAN, 
INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE 
CODE) OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN SUBJECT TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR 
REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF 
THE CODE.  THE NOTES AND THE CGMHI DEED OF GUARANTEE [AND ANY [ASSET 
AMOUNT] [LA SETTLEMENT ASSET]]** DO NOT CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE NOT BEEN 
MARKETED AS CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR 
OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS 
AMENDED (THE CEA) AND TRADING IN THE NOTES HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE 
U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION PURSUANT TO THE CEA. THE 
ISSUER RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, 
CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN 
ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER OF ANY INTEREST HEREIN 
IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.";  
(viii) 
that it has been afforded an opportunity to request from the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor and to 
review all additional information it considers to be necessary to verify the accuracy of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus or otherwise and the applicable Issue Terms and it has not relied on 
the Dealers or any person affiliated with the Dealers in connection with its investigation of the 
accuracy of such information or its investment decision; and 
                                                     
**  
Applicable only for Notes where Physical Delivery is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 118 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-18 
 
 
(ix) 
that the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, 
representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; 
and if it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has 
sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the 
foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
No sale of Notes in the United States in reliance on Rule 144A to any one purchaser will be for less than 
U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) principal amount and no Note will be issued in connection 
with such a sale in a smaller principal amount.  If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of 
others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency 
equivalent) of Notes. 
United States of America 
The Notes and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act or any state securities laws.  Trading in the Notes has not been approved by the United States Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended.  No issue of 
Notes may be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in the case of Notes offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, to "qualified institutional buyers" 
(QIBs), each purchasing (or holding) for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs, in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the 
States of the United States and any other jurisdiction.  The Notes, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and any 
Asset Amounts to be delivered in respect of any Physical Delivery Notes do not constitute, and have not been 
marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United 
States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the United 
States Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as 
amended.  Terms used in this section have the meanings given to them by Regulation S or Rule 144A under 
the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it, its affiliates (if any) and any person acting on its or their behalf 
(i) have not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes at any time within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except, in the case of Notes offered and sold in reliance on Rule 
144A, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, to persons it reasonably believes to be QIBs, each purchasing 
(or holding) for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and (ii) at or prior to confirmation of 
sale of Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, it will have sent 
to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases 
such Notes from it a confirmation or other notice stating that such distributor, dealer or person is subject to the 
restrictions on offers and sales of such Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons that are set forth herein.  
An offer or sale of Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person by any 
dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) at any time may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers, directly or through their respective U.S. broker dealer affiliates, may arrange for the resale of Notes 
offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each purchaser of such Notes 
is hereby notified that the Dealers are relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Rule 144A and one or more exemptions and/or exclusions from regulation under 
the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended.  The minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes 
which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$100,000 (or the approximate equivalent 
thereof in any other specified currency).  To the extent that the CGMHI Guarantor is not subject to or does not 
comply with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information

--- Page 119 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-19 
 
 
furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor have agreed to 
furnish to holders of Notes offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A and to prospective purchasers designated 
by such holders, upon request, such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
Each issuance of Notes shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree with the Issuer as a term of the issuance and purchase or, as the case may be, subscription 
of such Notes.  Each Dealer agrees that it shall offer, sell and deliver such Notes only in compliance with such 
additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe to the Notes. 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that 
it may, subject as provided in the previous paragraph, make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member 
State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
PROVIDED THAT no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.

--- Page 120 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-20 
 
 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
Provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 121 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-21 
 
 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to either of the Issuer or the CGMHI 
Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO)) other than (i) to persons whose ordinary business is 
to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether as principal or agent); (ii) to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (iii) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to any Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only 
to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
India 
No invitation, offer or sale to purchase or subscribe to the Notes is made or intended to be made to the public 
in India through this Base Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any amendment or supplement thereto is a prospectus, offer document or advertisement nor has it been or 
will it be submitted or registered as a prospectus or offer document under any applicable law or regulation in 
India.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto has been reviewed, approved, 
or recommended by any Registrar of Companies in India, the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the 
Reserve Bank of India, any stock exchange in India or any other Indian regulatory authority.

--- Page 122 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-22 
 
 
The Issuer has not authorised any offer of any Notes in India, to or for the account or benefit of any ‘Person 
Resident in India’ within the meaning of Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (PRI), either directly or 
indirectly, by means of any document.  Unless otherwise specified, no issues of Notes are offered, made 
available for subscription or sold pursuant to the Companies Act, 2013, the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India Act, 1992, the guidelines, rules, regulations, circulars made thereunder or under any Indian law or 
regulations. Notes may not lawfully be offered, subscribed for by, sold to or held, whether directly or indirectly, 
by any PRI and by the purchase of a Note, the relevant Noteholder will be deemed to represent and warrant 
that it is not a PRI.  
Communications relating to Notes may only be made to (i) persons resident outside India and (ii) entities 
which do not qualify as PRI.  Communications relating to the issue of Notes or any material relating to the 
Notes, including the Base Prospectus, will not be circulated or distributed directly or indirectly and has not 
been circulated or distributed, directly or indirectly, to any person or the public or any member of the public 
in India or otherwise generally distributed or circulated in India, in circumstances which would constitute an 
advertisement, invitation, sale or solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or purchase any securities to the public 
within the meaning of the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable Indian law, regulations for the time being 
in force.  In relation to the Notes relating to Indian securities, in addition to the requirements specified above, 
communications relating to such Notes may only be made to entities which are regulated by the relevant 
regulatory authority in the country of its establishment or incorporation, as described in Regulation 22(1) of 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019 (as may be 
amended from time to time) and by the purchase of a Note relating to Indian securities, the relevant Noteholder 
will be deemed to represent and warrant that it is so regulated.  
Each investor in the Notes acknowledges, represents and agrees that it is eligible to invest in the Notes under 
applicable laws and regulations in India and that it is not prohibited or debarred under any law or regulation 
from acquiring, owning or selling the Notes. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place any Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions 
of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 of Ireland (as amended, 
the MiFID Regulations), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation 
(and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, or any codes of conduct made under 
the MiFID Regulations and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place any Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions 
of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the Companies Act), the Central Bank Acts 1942 – 2018 
(as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as 
amended); and 
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of any Notes otherwise 
than in conformity with the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European 
Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the 
Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies Act. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item

--- Page 123 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-23 
 
 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Law No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased in reliance on an exemption under Section 274 or 275 of the 
SFA, the Notes shall not be sold within the period of six months from the date of the initial acquisition of the 
Notes, except to any of the following persons: 
(a) 
an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA); or 
(b) 
a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA); or 
(c) 
any person pursuant to an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) of the SFA, 
unless expressed specified otherwise in Section 276(7) of the SFA or Regulation 37A of the Securities and 
Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or (in 
respect of such a corporation) where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 276(3)(i)(B) 
of the SFA or (in respect of such trust) where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 
276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; or 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or

--- Page 124 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-24 
 
 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; or 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Any reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as 
modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be applicable at 
the relevant time. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms 
in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products 
other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products). 
Additional selling restrictions may apply where the Notes are (i) principal protected; and (ii) denominated in 
Singapore dollars. In such cases, the relevant restrictions will be set out in the documentation for the particular 
Notes in question. 
Switzerland 
Prohibition of sales to Swiss private clients 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or recommended any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any 
private clients within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the FinSA). For these purposes, a 
private client means a person who is not a professional client under Articles 4 and 5 FinSA. Consequently, no 
prospectus or key information document according to FinSA or any equivalent document under FinSA has 
been or will be prepared in relation to the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute, and does not constitute, an offer to the public or solicitation 
to purchase or invest in the Notes described herein in Switzerland. The Notes may not be publicly offered, 
directly or indirectly, in Switzerland to retail clients within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act 
(FinSA) and will not be admitted to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus 
under FinSA because such offering is made to professional clients within the meaning of FinSA only. No key 
information document according to FinSA or any equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared in 
relation to the Notes, and, therefore, the Notes may not be offered or recommended to retail clients within the 
meaning of FinSA in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus within the meaning of FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in 
connection with the offering of the Notes in Switzerland. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be 
reviewed or approved by a Swiss review authority, and does not comply with the disclosure requirements 
applicable to a prospectus within the meaning of FinSA. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering 
or marketing material relating to the Notes may be distributed or otherwise made available in a manner, which 
would require the publication of a prospectus in Switzerland.

--- Page 125 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-25 
 
 
The Notes do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the Swiss 
Collective Investment Schemes Act (CISA) and are not subject to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority (FINMA), and investors in Notes will not benefit from protection under CISA or 
supervision by FINMA. Notes issued under the Programme are neither issued nor guaranteed by a Swiss 
financial intermediary. Investors are exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor.  
Taiwan 
The Notes may be made available outside Taiwan for purchase outside Taiwan by Taiwan resident investors 
(either directly or through licensed intermediaries), but may not be offered or sold in Taiwan. 
Thailand 
The offer of Notes has not been approved by or registered with the Office of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission of Thailand or any other regulatory authority of the Kingdom of Thailand. Accordingly, no Notes 
may be offered or sold in Thailand nor may Notes be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase in Thailand, except under circumstances which will result in compliance with all applicable laws, 
regulations and guidelines promulgated by the Thai government and regulatory authorities in effect at the 
relevant time.  The Issue Terms, the Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale of the Notes have not been circulated or distributed, and will not be circulated or distributed, 
to investors in Thailand for the purpose of offering and sale of the Notes or an invitation for subscription or 
purchase of the Notes in Thailand, unless permitted otherwise by applicable laws and regulations. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be amended by the agreement of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
relevant Dealers.  Any such amendment will be set out in either the subscription agreement or the dealer 
accession letter, as relevant, and/or the Pricing Supplement issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it 
relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the 
Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Issue Terms, 
in any country or jurisdiction where, or under circumstances in which, action for that purpose is required and 
has not been taken.  No offers, sales, resales or deliveries of any Notes, or distribution of any offering material 
relating to any Notes, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in circumstances which will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not impose any obligation on any of the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or any Dealer. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, 
any other offering material or any Issue Terms, in all cases at its own expense, and none of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and any Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 126 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-26 
 
 
SECTION E.8 – TAXATION OF NOTES 
GENERAL 
Purchasers of Notes may be required to pay taxes (including stamp taxes) and other charges in accordance 
with the laws and practices of the country of purchase in addition to the issue price of each Note. 
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING NOTES MAY HAVE TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR POTENTIAL 
PURCHASERS WHICH MAY DEPEND, AMONGST OTHER THINGS, UPON THE STATUS OF 
THE POTENTIAL PURCHASER AND LAWS RELATING TO TRANSFER AND REGISTRATION 
TAXES. INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO BE AWARE THAT THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE 
COUNTRY IN WHICH THE INVESTOR IS RESIDENT AND OF THE ISSUER’S COUNTRY OF 
INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES.  
POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHO ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE TAX POSITION OF ANY 
ASPECT OF TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING NOTES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX 
ADVISORS. 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
General 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to the 
purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes that the Issuer treats as debt, and that are in registered form, each 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. This summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all 
of the tax consequences that may be relevant to the decision to purchase the Notes by any particular investor, 
including tax consequences that arise from rules of general application to all taxpayers or to certain classes of 
taxpayers or that are generally believed to be known by investors. For example, this summary does not address 
the tax consequences to (i) persons that may be subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax law, 
such as banks, insurance companies, thrift institutions, regulated investment companies, real estate investment 
trusts, tax-exempt organisations, traders in securities that elect to mark to market for tax purposes and dealers 
in securities, (ii) persons that will hold the Notes as part of a "straddle," "conversion" or other integrated 
investment transaction or a constructive sale for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (iii) U.S. Holders (as 
defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, (iv) Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below) 
who recognise gain in respect of a Note in a taxable year in which the Non-U.S. Holder is present in the United 
States for 183 days or more, (v) persons that do not hold the Notes as capital assets, or (vi) except where the 
context indicates otherwise, persons that did not purchase the Notes in the initial offering.   
This summary is based on the Code, U.S. Treasury regulations and judicial and administrative interpretations 
thereof, in each case as in effect on the date hereof. Changes to any of the foregoing could affect the tax 
consequences described below, possibly with retroactive effect. Further, this summary does not describe any 
tax consequences arising out of the tax laws of any state, local or non-U.S. jurisdiction, or any U.S. federal 
taxes other than income taxes and, to a limited extent, estate taxes.  Accordingly, this summary does not address 
alternative minimum tax consequences, special tax accounting rules under Section 451(b) of the Code, or the 
Medicare tax on investment income. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax advisors 
regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of owning and disposing of the Notes 
in light of their own particular circumstances. 
For the purposes hereof, the term U.S. Holder means a beneficial owner of the Notes that for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes is (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation organised in 
or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia or (iii) an estate or trust 
the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. The term Non-U.S. 
Holder means a beneficial owner of the Notes that for U.S. federal income tax purposes is a non-resident alien 
individual, a foreign corporation or a foreign estate or trust.

--- Page 127 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-27 
 
 
If a partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds the 
Notes, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of the partner and upon the activities 
of the partnership. Prospective purchasers that are partnerships should consult their tax advisors regarding the 
tax consequences to their partners of an investment in the Notes. 
This discussion does not address the U.S. federal tax consequences of the ownership or disposition of the 
Deliverable Obligations or Reference Assets that a holder may receive in respect of the Notes. Prospective 
purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the relevant U.S. federal tax consequences of the 
ownership and disposition of the Deliverable Obligations or Reference Assets. 
This discussion may be supplemented, modified or superseded by further discussion regarding U.S. federal 
tax considerations set out in the applicable Issue Terms, which a prospective purchaser is urged to read before 
making a decision to invest in the relevant Notes. 
Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders 
The following discussion applies only to Notes that the Issuer intends to treat as debt instruments for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes, as evidenced by the statement under "United States Tax Considerations" in the 
applicable Issue Terms. It generally assumes that the Issuer’s intended treatment of the Notes as debt 
instruments, as well as any specific treatments indicated in the applicable Issue Terms (e.g., as variable rate 
debt instruments or contingent payment debt instruments, each as discussed below), are respected.  The Issuer's 
intended treatment of the Notes is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS could disagree with it, in which case 
the timing and character of a U.S. Holder’s taxable income in respect of the Notes could be adversely affected.  
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax advisors about the risk that the IRS challenges the 
Issuer's treatment of the Notes. The general discussion below is subject to special rules applicable to Short-
Term Notes, Contingent Notes and Foreign Currency Contingent Notes as described below.   
Possible Taxable Event  
Certain modifications to the terms of the Notes, including a designation by the Issuer of a Substitute for itself 
and the designation of a substitute or successor rate, could be treated as "significant modifications" of the 
Notes, in which case the Notes would generally be treated, in whole or part, as retired and reissued for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. 
In the event of a significant modification, a U.S. Holder would generally be required to recognise gain or loss 
(subject in the case of loss to the possible application of the wash sale rules) with respect to the Notes, unless 
the modification constitutes a "recapitalization".  Moreover, the treatment of the Notes after such an event 
could differ from their prior treatment.  Except where specifically stated, the discussion herein assumes that 
no such deemed retirement and reissuance has occurred.  Prospective purchasers should consult their tax 
advisors regarding the risk of such an event. 
Interest Payments on Notes 
Payments of qualified stated interest, as defined below under "Original Issue Discount," will be taxable to a 
U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time that such payments are accrued or are received, in 
accordance with the U.S. Holder’s method of tax accounting.  Payments of Instalment Amounts will not be 
taxable to a U.S. Holder to the extent such payments are attributable to the repayment of principal, but will 
reduce the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Note, as discussed below. 
If such payments of interest are made in respect of a Note that is denominated in a single currency other than 
the U.S. dollar (for the purposes of this discussion, a foreign currency), the amount of interest income realised 
by a U.S. Holder that uses the cash method of tax accounting (a cash-method holder) will be the U.S. dollar 
value of the currency payment based on the spot rate of exchange on the date of receipt regardless of whether

--- Page 128 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-28 
 
 
the payment in fact is converted into U.S. dollars. No foreign currency gain or loss should be recognised by a 
cash-method holder with respect to the receipt of such payment (other than foreign currency gain or loss 
realised on the disposition of the currency received).  In the case of a Note that provides for payments in U.S. 
dollars determined by reference to a single foreign currency, a cash-method holder should generally recognise 
interest income on the Note in an amount equal to the U.S. dollars received.  Both types of Notes are referred 
to herein as "Foreign Currency Notes."  A U.S. Holder that uses the accrual method of tax accounting (an 
accrual-method holder) will accrue interest income on a Foreign Currency Note in the relevant foreign 
currency and translate the amount accrued into U.S. dollars based on: 
• 
the average exchange rate in effect during the interest accrual period, or portion thereof within the 
holder’s taxable year; or 
• 
at the holder’s election, at the spot rate of exchange on (1) the last day of the accrual period, or the last 
day of the taxable year within the accrual period if the accrual period spans more than one taxable 
year, or (2) the date of receipt, if that date is within five business days of the last day of the accrual 
period. 
Such an election must be applied consistently by the accrual-method holder to all foreign currency debt 
instruments from year to year and can be changed only with the consent of the IRS. An accrual-method holder 
will recognise foreign currency gain or loss on the receipt of an interest payment made on a Foreign Currency 
Note if the spot rate of exchange on the date the payment is received differs from the rate applicable to a 
previous accrual of that interest income. Such foreign currency gain or loss will be treated as ordinary income 
or loss, but generally will not be treated as an adjustment to interest income received on the Note. 
Taxable Disposition of Notes 
A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a Note generally will equal the cost of that Note to the holder, increased by any 
amounts includible in income by the holder as original issue discount (OID) and market discount (each as 
described below) and reduced by any amortised premium and any payments on the Note other than payments 
of qualified stated interest (each as described below). 
In the case of a Foreign Currency Note, the cost of the Note to a U.S. Holder generally should be the U.S. 
dollar value of the foreign currency purchase price on the date of purchase. In the case of a Foreign Currency 
Note that is traded on an established securities market, a U.S. Holder generally should determine the U.S. 
dollar value of the cost of the Note by translating the amount paid in foreign currency into its U.S. dollar value 
at the spot rate of exchange (1) on the settlement date of the purchase, in the case of a cash-method holder, and 
(2) on the trade date, in the case of an accrual-method holder, unless the holder elects to use the spot rate 
applicable to cash-method holders. Such an election by an accrual-method holder must be applied consistently 
by the accrual-method holder to all debt instruments from year to year and can be changed only with the 
consent of the IRS. The amount of any subsequent adjustments to a U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Foreign 
Currency Note in respect of OID, market discount and premium will be determined in the manner described 
under "Original Issue Discount," "Market Discount" and "Notes Purchased at a Premium" below.  
Upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Note (each, a taxable disposition), a U.S. 
Holder generally will recognise gain or loss equal to the difference between (1) the amount realised on the 
taxable disposition, less any accrued qualified stated interest (which will be treated as a payment of interest 
and taxed in the manner described above under "Interest Payments on Notes"), and (2) the U.S. Holder’s 
adjusted tax basis in the Note.  
The treatment of the physical settlement of a Note (including a physical delivery combined with a partial cash 
settlement) is not entirely clear; however, insofar as it has information reporting responsibilities in respect of 
the Notes, the Issuer intends to treat the physical settlement of a Note as a taxable disposition of the Note for 
an amount equal to the fair market value of the Deliverable Obligation or Reference Asset, in which case the 
U.S. Holder would generally recognise gain or loss as described above.  In that event, the Deliverable

--- Page 129 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-29 
 
 
Obligation or Reference Asset received would be treated as purchased for its fair market value on the date 
received.  
If a U.S. Holder receives a currency other than the U.S. dollar in respect of the taxable disposition of a Foreign 
Currency Note, the amount realised generally should be the U.S. dollar value of the currency received 
calculated at the spot rate of exchange on the date of the taxable disposition of the Note. 
In the case of a taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Note that is traded on an established securities 
market, a U.S. Holder that receives a currency other than the U.S. dollar generally should determine the amount 
realised by translating that currency into its U.S. dollar value at the spot rate of exchange (1) on the settlement 
date of the taxable disposition, in the case of a cash-method holder and (2) on the trade date, in the case of an 
accrual-method holder, unless the accrual-method holder elects to use the spot rate applicable to cash-method 
holders.  Such an election by an accrual-method holder must be applied consistently by the accrual-method 
holder to all debt instruments from year to year and can be changed only with the consent of the IRS. 
Gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the taxable disposition of a Note (other than a Short-Term Note, 
Foreign Currency Note, Contingent Note, Foreign Currency Contingent Note or Market Discount Note, each 
as discussed below) generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder has held the Note for 
more than one year at the time of the taxable disposition and short-term capital gain or loss otherwise. 
Gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Note generally will 
be treated as ordinary income or loss to the extent that the gain or loss is attributable to changes in exchange 
rates during the period in which the U.S. Holder held the Note.  A U.S. Holder will also recognise ordinary 
income or loss upon the receipt of Instalment Amounts that are attributable to principal equal to the gain or 
loss attributable to changes in exchange rates.  A U.S. Holder might be required to file a disclosure statement 
with the IRS if the U.S. Holder recognises foreign currency loss above certain thresholds (as described below 
under "Reportable Transactions"). 
Original Issue Discount 
Notes with a term greater than one year may be issued with OID for United States federal income tax purposes 
(such Notes, OID Notes). U.S. Holders generally must accrue OID in gross income over the term of an OID 
Note on a constant yield basis, regardless of their regular method of tax accounting. As a result, U.S. Holders 
may recognise taxable income in respect of an OID Note in advance of the receipt of cash attributable to such 
income. 
OID generally will arise if the stated redemption price at maturity of a Note exceeds its issue price by an 
amount equal to or greater than 0.25 per cent. of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by 
the number of complete years to maturity.  In the case of an "instalment note" (i.e., a Note that provides for 
payments prior to maturity other than qualified stated interest), this test is generally applied based on the Note’s 
weighted average maturity.  OID may arise if a Note is issued at a discount to its principal amount, and may 
also arise if a Note has particular interest payment characteristics, such as interest holidays, interest payable in 
additional securities or stepped interest. For this purpose, the issue price of a Note is the first price at which a 
substantial amount of Notes of that issue is sold for cash, other than to bond houses, brokers or similar persons 
or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers. The stated redemption 
price at maturity of a Note is the sum of all payments due under the Note, other than payments of qualified 
stated interest. The term qualified stated interest generally means stated interest that is unconditionally payable 
in cash or property, other than debt instruments of the issuer, at least annually during the entire term of a Note 
at a single fixed rate of interest or, under particular conditions, based on one or more floating interest rates 
described below under "Variable Rate Debt Instruments."

--- Page 130 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-30 
 
 
Under the OID rules, certain contingencies, including those that are remote, are disregarded for purposes of 
determining qualified stated interest on a Note. However, if a remote contingency actually occurs, the Note 
could be treated as retired and reissued with OID. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax 
advisors regarding the application of these rules. 
For each taxable year of a U.S. Holder, the amount of OID that must be included in gross income in respect of 
an OID Note will be the sum of the daily portions of OID for each day during that taxable year or any portion 
of the taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds the OID Note. Daily portions are determined by allocating 
to each day in an accrual period a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods 
may be of any length and may vary in length over the term of an OID Note. However, accrual periods may not 
be longer than one year, and each scheduled payment of principal or interest must occur on the first day or the 
final day of an accrual period. 
The amount of OID allocable to any accrual period generally will equal (1) the product of the OID Note’s 
adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period multiplied by its yield to maturity (as adjusted to 
take into account the length of the accrual period), less (2) the amount, if any, of qualified stated interest 
allocable to that accrual period. The adjusted issue price of an OID Note at the beginning of any accrual period 
will equal the issue price of the OID Note, as defined above, (1) increased by previously accrued OID from 
prior accrual periods, and (2) reduced by any payment made on the Note, other than payments of qualified 
stated interest, on or before the first day of the accrual period. 
The Notes may have special redemption, repayment or interest rate reset features, as indicated in the applicable 
Issue Terms, that may affect whether a Note is an OID Note and, if so, the proper timing of recognition of the 
OID by a U.S. Holder. Notes containing such features may be subject to special rules that differ from the 
general rules discussed herein. Accordingly, prospective purchasers of Notes with such features should consult 
their tax advisors regarding these special rules. 
In the case of an OID Note that is also a Foreign Currency Note, a U.S. Holder should determine the U.S. 
dollar amount includible in income as OID for each accrual period by calculating the amount of OID allocable 
to that accrual period in the relevant foreign currency, using the constant-yield method described above and 
translating that amount into U.S. dollars using the average exchange rate in effect during that accrual period 
(or a portion thereof) or, at the U.S. Holder’s election, at the spot rate of exchange on (1) the last day of the 
accrual period, or the last day of the taxable year within the accrual period if the accrual period spans more 
than one taxable year, or (2) on the date such OID is treated as paid (as described in the following paragraph), 
if that date is within five business days of the last day of the accrual period.  Such an election must be applied 
consistently by the U.S. Holder to all Foreign Currency Notes from year to year and can be revoked only with 
the consent of the IRS. 
Each payment on an OID Note that is a Foreign Currency Note, other than payments of qualified stated interest, 
generally will be viewed first as a payment of previously accrued OID, to the extent thereof, with the payment 
attributed first to the earliest accrued OID, and then as a payment of principal. Upon the receipt of an amount 
attributable to OID, whether in connection with a payment of an amount that is not qualified stated interest or 
the taxable disposition of the OID Note, a U.S. Holder will recognise foreign currency gain or loss that is 
ordinary income or loss measured by the difference between (1) the amount received and (2) the corresponding 
amount(s) previously accrued. The amount received will be translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate of 
exchange on the date of receipt, in the case of a payment on the OID Note, or on the date of the taxable 
disposition of the OID Note. The corresponding amount(s) accrued will be determined by using the rate(s) of 
exchange applicable to such previous accrual(s).  Upon a taxable disposition of the Note, the amount of foreign 
currency income or loss recognised will be limited by the overall amount of gain or loss recognised on the 
taxable disposition. 
A U.S. Holder that purchases an OID Note for an amount less than or equal to the remaining redemption 
amount (as defined below), but in excess of the OID Note’s adjusted issue price, generally is permitted to 
reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction. The numerator of this fraction is the acquisition premium (as

--- Page 131 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-31 
 
 
defined below) and the denominator of the fraction is the excess of the remaining redemption amount over the 
OID Note’s adjusted issue price. For the purposes of this section, "acquisition premium" means the excess of 
the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in an OID Note over the OID Note’s adjusted issue price and "remaining 
redemption amount" means the sum of all amounts payable on an OID Note after the purchase date other than 
payments of qualified stated interest.  In the case of a Foreign Currency Note, the rules described in this 
paragraph are applied using units of the relevant foreign currency. 
Variable Rate Debt Instruments 
Certain Notes may be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as variable rate debt instruments (VRDIs). 
Prospective purchasers should note that other Notes providing for variable rates of interest are treated not as 
VRDIs but as "contingent payment debt instruments," with consequences discussed below under "Contingent 
Payment Debt Instruments." 
Stated interest on a VRDI that provides for a single variable rate (a Single-Rate VRDI) will be treated as 
qualified stated interest and will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it accrues 
or is received, in accordance with the U.S. Holder’s method of tax accounting. If the stated principal amount 
of a Single-Rate VRDI exceeds its issue price by an amount equal to or greater than the de minimis amount 
described above under "Original Issue Discount," this excess will be treated as OID that a U.S. Holder must 
include in income as it accrues, generally in accordance with the constant-yield method described above under 
"Original Issue Discount." The constant-yield accrual of OID on a VRDI is determined by substituting the 
value of the variable rate on the issue date (or, in certain cases, a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is 
reasonably expected for the VRDI) for each scheduled payment of the variable rate. A VRDI that provides for 
stated interest at a fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by a variable rate where the 
variable rate on the issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate (which will be conclusively presumed 
if the value of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from the value of the fixed rate by more than 
0.25 per cent.) will be treated as a Single-Rate VRDI. 
Different rules may apply to a VRDI that provides for (i) multiple variable rates or (ii) one or more variable 
rates and a single fixed rate (other than a fixed rate described in the preceding paragraph) (a Multiple-Rate 
VRDI). Under applicable Treasury regulations, in order to determine the amount of qualified stated interest 
and OID (if any) in respect of a Multiple-Rate VRDI, an equivalent fixed-rate debt instrument must be 
constructed. The equivalent fixed-rate debt instrument is constructed in the following manner: (i) if the 
Multiple-Rate VRDI contains a fixed rate, that fixed rate is converted to a variable rate that preserves the fair 
market value of the Note and then (ii) each variable rate (including a variable rate determined under (i) above) 
is converted to a fixed rate substitute (which generally will be the value of that variable rate as of the issue 
date of the Multiple-Rate VRDI or, in certain cases, a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably 
expected for the VRDI) (the equivalent fixed-rate debt instrument). The rules discussed in "Original Issue 
Discount" are then applied to the equivalent fixed-rate debt instrument to determine the amount, if any, of OID 
and the amount of qualified stated interest. A U.S. Holder will be required to include any such OID in income 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes as it accrues, in accordance with a constant-yield method based on a 
compounding of interest, as described above under "Original Issue Discount." The U.S. Holder is required to 
make adjustments to income to account for differences between actual payments on the Multiple-Rate VRDI 
and payments on the equivalent fixed-rate debt instrument. Prospective purchasers of Multiple-Rate VRDIs 
should consult their tax advisors regarding the rules applicable to these Notes. 
Upon the taxable disposition of a VRDI, a U.S. Holder generally will recognise capital gain or loss equal to 
the difference between the amount realised (other than amounts attributable to accrued qualified stated interest, 
which will be treated as described above under "Interest Payments on Notes") and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis 
in the VRDI. A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in a VRDI will equal the amount the U.S. Holder paid to purchase the 
VRDI, increased by the amounts of OID (if any) the U.S. Holder has previously included in income with 
respect to the VRDI and reduced by any payments the U.S. Holder has received other than qualified stated 
interest. Such gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder has held the VRDI 
for more than one year at the time of the taxable disposition and short-term capital gain or loss otherwise.

--- Page 132 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-32 
 
 
Special rules apply to VRDIs that are Foreign Currency Notes, Market Discount Notes and Notes purchased 
at a premium, as discussed above and below. 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
Certain Notes may be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as contingent payment debt instruments 
(Contingent Notes). Under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, interest on a Contingent Note is treated as 
OID and must be accrued on a constant-yield basis using (i) a yield to maturity that reflects the rate at which 
the Issuer would issue a comparable fixed-rate instrument with no contingent payments but with terms and 
conditions otherwise similar to the Contingent Note (the comparable yield), and (ii) a projected payment 
schedule determined by the Issuer at the time the Contingent Note is issued (the projected payment schedule). 
This projected payment schedule must include each non-contingent payment on the Contingent Note and an 
estimated amount for each contingent payment, and must produce the comparable yield. 
The Issuer is generally required to provide to holders, solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a schedule 
of the projected amounts of payments on the Contingent Notes. If required in respect of an issue of Notes, the 
applicable Issue Terms will either contain the comparable yield and projected payment schedule, or will 
provide contact information through which a U.S. Holder of a Contingent Note can submit a request for this 
information. 
THE COMPARABLE YIELD AND PROJECTED PAYMENT SCHEDULE ARE NOT DETERMINED 
FOR ANY PURPOSE OTHER THAN FOR THE DETERMINATION OF INTEREST ACCRUALS AND 
ADJUSTMENTS THEREOF IN RESPECT OF THE CONTINGENT NOTES FOR U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAX PURPOSES. THEY ARE BASED UPON A NUMBER OF ASSUMPTIONS AND 
ESTIMATES AND DO NOT CONSTITUTE A PROJECTION OR REPRESENTATION REGARDING 
THE ACTUAL AMOUNTS PAYABLE TO THE HOLDERS OF, OR THE ACTUAL YIELD ON, THE 
CONTINGENT NOTES. 
A U.S. Holder generally will be bound by the comparable yield and the projected payment schedule determined 
by the Issuer unless the U.S. Holder determines its own comparable yield and projected payment schedule and 
explicitly and timely discloses and justifies such schedule to the IRS. The Issuer's determination, however, is 
not binding on the IRS, and it is possible that the IRS could conclude that some other comparable yield or 
projected payment schedule should be used instead. 
The amount of OID includible in income, as interest, by a U.S. Holder of a Contingent Note is the sum of the 
daily portions of OID with respect to the Contingent Note for each day during the taxable year or portion of 
the taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds the Contingent Note, generally as described above in "Original 
Issue Discount" (determined by substituting in that discussion the comparable yield for the "yield to maturity" 
and the projected payment schedule for the actual payments on the Note and treating no payment as qualified 
stated interest). Any net differences between actual payments received by the U.S. Holder on the Contingent 
Note in a taxable year and the projected amounts of those payments will be accounted for as additional interest 
(in the case of a net positive adjustment) or as an offset to interest income in respect of the Contingent Note 
(in the case of a net negative adjustment) for that taxable year. If the net negative adjustment for a taxable year 
exceeds the amount of interest on the Contingent Note for that year, the excess will be treated as ordinary loss 
in that year, but only to the extent the U.S. Holder's total interest inclusions on the Contingent Note exceed the 
total amount of any ordinary loss in respect of the Contingent Note claimed by the U.S. Holder under this rule 
in prior taxable years. Such a loss (as well as any ordinary loss incurred in connection with the taxable 
disposition of a Contingent Note, as described in the following paragraph) is not treated as a miscellaneous 
itemised deduction (for which a deduction would be unavailable or, beginning in 2026, available only to a 
limited extent). Any net negative adjustment that is not allowed as an ordinary loss for the taxable year is 
carried forward to the next taxable year, and is taken into account in determining whether the U.S. Holder has 
a net positive or negative adjustment for that year. Any net negative adjustment that is carried forward to a 
taxable year in which the U.S. Holder sells or taxably disposes of the Contingent Note reduces the U.S. Holder's 
amount realised on the sale or other taxable disposition.

--- Page 133 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-33 
 
 
Upon the taxable disposition of a Contingent Note prior to its stated maturity, a U.S. Holder generally will 
recognise taxable income or loss equal to the difference between the amount received from the taxable 
disposition and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Contingent Note. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Contingent 
Note will equal the cost thereof, increased by any interest income the U.S. Holder has previously accrued 
(determined by taking into account any adjustments made because the U.S. Holder purchased the Contingent 
Note at more or less than its adjusted issue price, as discussed in the next paragraph, but not taking into account 
adjustments due to differences between projected and actual payments) and decreased by the projected 
amounts of any payments previously made on the Contingent Note (without regard to actual amounts paid). 
At maturity, a U.S. Holder will be treated as receiving the projected amount for that date (reduced by any 
carryforward of a net negative adjustment), and any difference between the amount received and that projected 
amount will be treated as a positive or negative adjustment governed by the rules described above. A U.S. 
Holder generally must treat any income realised on the taxable disposition of a Contingent Note as interest 
income and any loss as ordinary loss to the extent of previous interest inclusions (reduced by the total amount 
of net negative adjustments previously taken into account as ordinary losses), and the balance as capital loss, 
the deductibility of which is subject to limitations. If a U.S. Holder recognises a loss above certain thresholds, 
the U.S. Holder may be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS (as described below under 
"Reportable Transactions"). U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding this reporting obligation. 
The discussions below under "Market Discount" and "Notes Purchased at a Premium" do not apply to 
Contingent Notes. If a U.S. Holder purchases a Contingent Note for an amount that is less than its adjusted 
issue price, the U.S. Holder must (i) make a positive adjustment increasing the interest the U.S. Holder would 
otherwise accrue to the extent such amount is attributable to a change in interest rates and/or (ii) make a positive 
adjustment increasing the ordinary income (or decreasing the ordinary loss) that the U.S. Holder would 
otherwise recognise upon the date of a projected payment to the extent such amount is attributable to a change 
in expectations as to the amount of that projected payment. If a U.S. Holder purchases a Contingent Note for 
an amount that is greater than its adjusted issue price, the U.S. Holder must (i) make a negative adjustment 
decreasing the interest that the U.S. Holder would otherwise accrue to the extent such amount is attributable 
to a change in interest rates and/or (ii) make a negative adjustment decreasing the ordinary income (or 
increasing the ordinary loss) that the U.S. Holder would otherwise recognise upon the date of a projected 
payment to the extent such amount is attributable to a change in expectations as to the amount of that projected 
payment. 
Special rules may apply if all the remaining payments on a Contingent Note become fixed substantially 
contemporaneously. For this purpose, payments will be treated as fixed if the remaining contingencies with 
respect to them are remote or incidental. Under these rules, a U.S. Holder would be required to account for the 
difference between the original projected payments and the fixed payments in a reasonable manner over the 
period to which the difference relates. In addition, a U.S. Holder would be required to make adjustments to, 
among other things, its accrual periods and its tax basis in the Contingent Note. The character of any gain or 
loss on a sale or other taxable disposition of the Contingent Note also might be affected. If one or more (but 
not all) contingent payments on a Contingent Note became fixed more than six months prior to the relevant 
payment date(s), a U.S. Holder would be required to account for the difference between the original projected 
payment(s) and the fixed payment(s) on a present value basis. Prospective purchasers of Contingent Notes 
should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules. 
Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
Special rules apply to determine the accrual of OID and the amount, timing, and character of any gain or loss 
on a Note that is a contingent payment debt instrument denominated in, or whose payments are determined by 
reference to, a foreign currency (a Foreign Currency Contingent Note). The term "Foreign Currency 
Contingent Note" also applies to certain debt instruments denominated in, or providing for payments 
determined by reference to, multiple currencies.  The discussions below under "Notes Purchased at a 
Premium" and "Market Discount" do not apply to Foreign Currency Contingent Notes.

--- Page 134 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-34 
 
 
Under these rules, a U.S. Holder of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note generally will be required to accrue 
OID in the foreign currency in which the Foreign Currency Contingent Note is denominated, if applicable, or 
in the foreign currency with reference to which payments on the Note are determined (or, in the case of a 
Foreign Currency Contingent Note that has payments determined by reference to more than one foreign 
currency, in the "predominant currency" determined under applicable Treasury regulations) (the relevant 
foreign currency). A U.S. Holder of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note will apply rules similar to those 
applicable to Contingent Notes, as described above under "Contingent Payment Debt Instruments," to 
determine OID accruals, account for net positive or net negative adjustments, and calculate income or loss on 
the taxable disposition of the Foreign Currency Contingent Note. All such determinations are made in the 
relevant foreign currency. A highly complex set of rules governs the translation into U.S. dollars of the amounts 
determined in the relevant foreign currency and the related determination of foreign currency gain or loss. 
Prospective purchasers of Foreign Currency Contingent Notes should consult their tax advisors regarding these 
rules. A U.S. Holder might be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS if the U.S. Holder recognises 
foreign currency loss above certain thresholds (as described below under "Reportable Transactions"). 
Short-Term Notes 
Certain modifications to the general rules apply to Notes with a term of one year or less (from but excluding 
the issue date to and including the last possible date that the Notes could be outstanding pursuant to their terms) 
(Short-Term Notes). 
First, none of the interest on a Short-Term Note is treated as qualified stated interest. Instead, interest on a 
Short-Term Note is treated as part of the Short-Term Note's stated redemption price at maturity, thereby giving 
rise to OID equal to the sum of all payments on the Note less the Note’s issue price. OID will be treated as 
accruing on a Short-Term Note rateably, or, at the election of a U.S. Holder, under a constant yield method. 
Second, a cash-method holder of a Short-Term Note generally will not be required to include OID in respect 
of the Short-Term Note in income on a current basis. However, the cash-method holder may not be allowed to 
deduct all of the interest paid or accrued on any indebtedness incurred or maintained to purchase or carry the 
Note until the maturity of the Note or its earlier taxable disposition. In addition, such a cash-method holder 
will be required to treat any gain realised on a taxable disposition of the Note as ordinary income to the extent 
of the holder's accrued OID on the Note, and as short-term capital gain to the extent the gain exceeds the 
accrued OID. A cash-method holder of a Short-Term Note may, however, elect to accrue OID into income on 
a current basis. In that case, the limitation on the deductibility of interest described above will not apply. An 
accrual-method holder generally will be required to include OID on a Short-Term Note in income on a current 
basis. 
Third, Short-Term Notes will not be subject to the rules applicable to Contingent Notes. However, a Short-
Term Note may have special redemption features or provide for other contingent payments. These features 
may cause uncertainty regarding the timing and character of income to be recognised on the Short-Term Note. 
Prospective purchasers of Short-Term Notes with such features should consult their tax advisors regarding 
these uncertainties. 
Market Discount 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Note, other than a Short-Term Note, Contingent Note or Foreign Currency 
Contingent Note for an amount that is less than the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity or, in the case 
of an OID Note, for an amount that is less than the Note’s revised issue price (i.e., the Note’s issue price 
increased by the amount of accrued OID), the Note will be considered to have market discount (a Market 
Discount Note). The market discount rules are subject to a de minimis rule similar to the rule relating to de 
minimis OID described above (in the second paragraph under "Original Issue Discount"). Any gain recognised 
by the U.S. Holder on the taxable disposition of a Market Discount Note generally will be treated as ordinary 
income to the extent of the market discount that accrued on the Note while held by such U.S. Holder.  For

--- Page 135 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-35 
 
 
instalment notes, a U.S. Holder will be required to recognise accrued market discount upon receipt of 
Instalment Amounts. 
Alternatively, the U.S. Holder may elect to include market discount in income currently over the term of the 
Note. Such an election will apply to debt instruments with market discount acquired by the U.S. Holder on or 
after the first day of the first taxable year to which such election applies and may be revoked only with the 
consent of the IRS. Market discount will accrue on a straight-line basis unless the U.S. Holder elects to accrue 
the market discount on a constant-yield method. Unless the U.S. Holder elects to include market discount in 
income on a current basis, as described above, the U.S. Holder generally will be required to defer the deduction 
of a portion of the interest paid on any indebtedness incurred or maintained to purchase or carry the Note. 
Market discount on a Foreign Currency Note will be determined by a U.S. Holder in the relevant foreign 
currency. The amount includible in income by a U.S. Holder in respect of accrued market discount will be the 
U.S. dollar value of the amount accrued. This is generally calculated at the spot rate of exchange on the date 
that the Note is disposed of by the U.S. Holder. Any accrued market discount on a Foreign Currency Note that 
is currently includible in income generally will be translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rate for 
the accrual period or portion of such accrual period within the U.S. Holder’s taxable year. 
Notes Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Note (other than a Contingent Note or Foreign Currency Contingent Note) for 
an amount in excess of the remaining redemption amount (as defined above under "Original Issue Discount") 
will be considered to have purchased the Note at a premium. In that case, the OID rules will not apply to the 
Note. The U.S. Holder may elect to amortise the premium, as an offset to qualified stated interest, using a 
constant-yield method, over the remaining term of the Note. This election, once made, generally applies to all 
debt instruments held or subsequently acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the beginning of the first taxable 
year to which the election applies and may be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. A U.S. Holder that 
elects to amortise bond premium must reduce its tax basis in a Note by the amount of the premium amortised 
during its holding period. Special rules may affect the U.S. Holder's ability to amortise bond premium if a Note 
may be redeemed at the Issuer’s election at a price in excess of the Note’s stated redemption price at maturity. 
Prospective purchasers who anticipate acquiring Notes with such features at a premium should consult their 
tax advisors regarding these special rules. If a U.S. Holder does not elect to amortise bond premium, the U.S. 
Holder generally will treat the premium as capital loss when the Note matures. 
Amortisable bond premium in respect of a Foreign Currency Note will be computed in the relevant currency 
and will reduce qualified stated interest in that currency. At the time amortised bond premium offsets interest 
income, foreign currency gain or loss, which will be taxable as ordinary income or loss, will be realised on the 
amortised bond premium on such Note based on the difference between (1) the spot rate of exchange on the 
date or dates such premium offsets interest payments on the Note and (2) the spot rate of exchange on the date 
on which the U.S. Holder acquired the Note. 
Possible Alternative Tax Treatment 
There is no authority regarding the proper treatment of credit-linked notes and similar instruments. It is 
possible that all or any portion of a Note could be recharacterised as other than a debt instrument, in which 
case the character and timing of income on the Notes may be different for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Even if the tax treatment of the Notes as debt is respected, it is possible that Notes that the Issuer does not 
intend to treat as Contingent Notes or Foreign Currency Contingent Notes could be treated as Contingent Notes 
or Foreign Currency Contingent Notes, with the consequences described above under "Contingent Payment 
Debt Instruments" or "Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Debt Instruments", respectively. 
Moreover, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS have requested comments on various issues regarding 
the U.S. federal income tax treatment of "prepaid forward contracts" and similar financial instruments and 
have indicated that such transactions may be the subject of future regulations or other guidance.  In addition,

--- Page 136 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-36 
 
 
members of Congress have introduced legislation that would change the tax treatment of derivative contracts.  
Investors should consult their tax advisors regarding possible alternative tax treatments of the Notes and 
potential changes to applicable law. 
Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders 
In General 
This section describes certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to Non-U.S. Holders 
in respect of Notes that the Issuer intends to treat as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as evidenced 
by the statement under "United States Tax Considerations" in the applicable Issue Terms. It generally assumes 
that the Issuer's intended treatment is respected. The Issuer's intended treatment of the Notes is not binding on 
the IRS, and the IRS could disagree with it, in which case the tax consequences to a Non-U.S. Holder in respect 
of the Notes could be materially adversely affected. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their 
tax advisors about the risk that the IRS challenges the Issuer's treatment of the Notes. 
Certain exceptions to these general rules are discussed below under "Effectively Connected Income", "Section 
871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents" and "FATCA" and therefore this discussion is subject to, and 
should be read in conjunction with, the discussion contained in those sections.  
Interest payments on a Note should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax, provided that (1) the Non-
U.S. Holder does not actually or constructively own 10 per cent. or more of the total combined voting power 
of all classes of stock of the Issuer entitled to vote, (2) the Non-U.S. Holder is not (i) a controlled foreign 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is related to the Issuer through stock ownership or (ii) a 
bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business, 
(3) such interest is not contingent on the Issuer's profits, revenues or changes in the value of its property and 
is not otherwise excluded from the definition of "portfolio interest" by Section 871(h)(4) of the Code, and (4) 
the Non-U.S. Holder provides a statement signed under penalties of perjury that certifies that it is a non-United 
States person in compliance with applicable requirements (generally an appropriate IRS Form W-8) or satisfies 
certain documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a non-United States person. Gain realised 
by a Non-U.S. Holder on the taxable disposition of a Note (which excludes amounts attributable to accrued 
interest) generally will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax. 
If the Issuer designates a Substitute for itself, or if another significant modification as described above in "Tax 
Consequences to U.S. Holders" occurs, the Notes could be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as 
retired and reissued, in which case the treatment of the Notes for Non-U.S. Holders, including withholding tax 
consequences, after such a deemed retirement and reissuance could differ from their prior treatment.  Except 
where specifically stated, the discussion herein assumes that no such deemed retirement and reissuance has 
occurred.  Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential 
consequences of a deemed retirement and reissuance of the Notes. 
As discussed under "Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders — Possible Alternative Tax Treatment" above, 
there is no authority regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of credit-linked notes or similar 
instruments. The Issuer’s intended treatment of the Notes is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS could 
disagree with it.  If a Note were treated as an instrument other than debt, interest payments on the Note 
could be subject to withholding at a rate of 30 per cent., subject to reduction under an applicable income 
tax treaty. Insofar as it has responsibility as a withholding agent in respect of the Notes, the Issuer 
currently does not intend to withhold on payments on the Notes to Non-U.S. Holders (subject to the 
certification requirements and the exceptions described herein). However, it is possible that other 
withholding agents may withhold on interest payments on the Notes, and in the future the Issuer may 
determine that it is required to so withhold. The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts withheld.

--- Page 137 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-37 
 
 
Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents 
Section 871(m) of the Code and the Treasury regulations thereunder (Section 871(m)) impose a 30 per cent. 
(or lower treaty rate) withholding tax on certain "dividend equivalents" paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. 
Holders with respect to certain financial instruments linked to an interest in an entity if that interest could give 
rise to a U.S.-source dividend (an Underlying Security) or indices that include Underlying Securities.  Section 
871(m) generally applies to "specified equity linked instruments" (Specified ELIs), which are financial 
instruments that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more Underlying Securities, as 
determined based on tests set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations and discussed further below.  Section 
871(m) provides certain exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain 
broad-based indices that meet requirements set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations (Qualified Indices) 
as well as securities that track such indices (Qualified Index Securities). 
Although the Section 871(m) regime became effective in 2017, the regulations and IRS Notice 2020-2, phase 
in the application of Section 871(m) as follows: 
• 
For financial instruments issued prior to 1 January 2023, Section 871(m) will generally apply only to 
financial instruments that have a "delta" of one. 
• 
For financial instruments issued in 2023 and thereafter, Section 871(m) will apply if either (i) the 
"delta" of the relevant financial instrument is at least 0.80, if it is a "simple" contract, or (ii) the 
financial instrument meets a "substantial equivalence" test, if it is a "complex" contract. 
Delta is generally defined as the ratio of the change in the fair market value of a financial instrument to a small 
change in the fair market value of the number of shares of the Underlying Security. The "substantial 
equivalence" test measures whether a complex contract tracks its "initial hedge" (shares of the Underlying 
Security that would fully hedge the contract) more closely than would a "benchmark" simple contract with a 
delta of 0.80.   
The calculations are generally made at the calculation date, which is the earlier of (i) the time of pricing of the 
Note, i.e., when all material terms have been agreed on, and (ii) the issuance of the Note.  However, if the time 
of pricing is more than 14 calendar days before the issuance of the Note, the calculation date is the date of the 
issuance of the Note.  Under these rules, information regarding the Issuer's final determinations for purposes 
of Section 871(m) may be available only after a Non-U.S. Holder agrees to acquire a Note.  As a result, a Non-
U.S. Holder should acquire such a Note only if it is willing to accept the risk that the Note is treated as a 
Specified ELI subject to withholding under Section 871(m). 
If the terms of a Note are subject to a significant modification, as described above in "Tax Consequences to 
U.S. Holders—Possible Taxable Event", the Note generally will be treated as reissued for this purpose at the 
time of the significant modification, in which case the Notes could become Specified ELIs at that time. 
If a Note is a Specified ELI, withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will, depending on the applicable 
withholding agent’s circumstances, generally be required either (i) on the underlying dividend payment date 
or (ii) when cash payments are made on the Note or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition of the 
Note by the Non-U.S. Holder, or possibly upon certain other events.  Depending on the circumstances, the 
applicable withholding agent may withhold the required amounts from payments on the Note, from proceeds 
of the retirement or other disposition of the Note, or from the Non-U.S. Holder’s other cash or property held 
by the withholding agent.  
The dividend equivalent amount will include the amount of any actual or, under certain circumstances, 
estimated dividend.  If the dividend equivalent amount is based on the actual dividend, it will be equal to the 
product of: (i) in the case of a "simple" contract, the per-share dividend amount, the number of shares of an 
Underlying Security and the delta; or (ii) in the case of a "complex" contract, the per-share dividend amount 
and the initial hedge. The dividend equivalent amount for Specified ELIs issued prior to 2023 that have a

--- Page 138 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-38 
 
 
"delta" of one will be calculated in the same manner as (i) above, using a "delta" of one.  The per-share dividend 
amount will be the actual dividend (including any special dividends) paid with respect to a share of the 
Underlying Security. If the dividend equivalent amount is based on an estimated dividend, the Issue Terms 
will generally state the estimated amounts. 
Depending on the terms of a Note and whether it is issued prior to 2023 or later, the Issue Terms may contain 
additional information relevant to Section 871(m), such as whether the Note references a Qualified Index or 
Qualified Index Security; whether it is a "simple" contract; the "delta" and the number of shares multiplied by 
delta (for a simple contract); and whether the "substantial equivalence test" is met and the initial hedge (for a 
complex contract). 
The Issuer's determination regarding Section 871(m) is generally binding on Non-U.S. Holders, but it is not 
binding on the IRS.  The Section 871(m) regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect to 
Notes linked to Underlying Securities and their application to a specific issue of Notes may be uncertain.  
Accordingly, even if the Issuer determines that certain Notes are not Specified ELIs, the IRS could challenge 
the Issuer's determination and assert that withholding is required in respect of those Notes. 
The application of Section 871(m) to a Note may be affected if a Non-U.S. Holder enters into another 
transaction in connection with the acquisition of the Note.  For example, if a Non-U.S. Holder enters into other 
transactions relating to an Underlying Security, the Non-U.S. Holder could be subject to withholding tax or 
income tax liability under Section 871(m) even if the relevant Notes are not Specified ELIs subject to Section 
871(m) as a general matter. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of 
Section 871(m) in their particular circumstances. 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld under 
Section 871(m). 
Effectively Connected Income 
If a Non-U.S. Holder is engaged in a U.S. trade or business, and if income (including gain) from a Note is 
effectively connected with the conduct of that trade or business, the Non-U.S. Holder generally will be subject 
to regular U.S. federal income tax with respect to that income in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. Holder 
were a U.S. Holder, unless an applicable income tax treaty provides otherwise. If such a Non-U.S. Holder is a 
corporation, the Non-U.S. Holder should also consider the potential application of a 30 per cent. (or lower 
treaty rate) branch profits tax. A Non-U.S. Holder would be required to provide an IRS Form W-8ECI to the 
applicable withholding agent to establish an exemption from withholding for amounts, otherwise subject to 
withholding, paid on a Note. 
U.S. Federal Estate Tax 
An individual Non-U.S. Holder or an entity the property of which is potentially includible in such an 
individual’s gross estate for U.S. federal estate tax purposes (for example, a trust funded by such an individual 
and with respect to which the individual has retained certain interests or powers) should note that a Note that 
is treated as a debt obligation for U.S. federal estate tax purposes generally will not be treated as U.S.-situs 
property subject to U.S. federal estate tax if payments on the Note, if received by the decedent at the time of 
death, would not have been subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax because of the exemption from 
withholding of "portfolio interest." A holder that is such an individual or entity should consult its tax advisor 
regarding the U.S. federal estate tax consequences of investing in the Notes, including the risk that the Notes 
are subject to U.S. federal estate tax because they are not treated as debt obligations for U.S. federal estate tax 
purposes.

--- Page 139 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-39 
 
 
Reportable Transactions 
A taxpayer that participates in a "reportable transaction" is subject to information reporting requirements under 
Section 6011 of the Code. "Reportable transactions” include, among other things, "loss transactions" that result 
in a taxpayer's claiming certain losses in excess of specified amounts and certain transactions identified by the 
IRS.  In October 2015, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released notices designating certain "basket 
options", "basket contracts" and substantially similar transactions as reportable transactions.  The notices apply 
to specified transactions in which a taxpayer or its "designee" has, and exercises, discretion to change the assets 
or an algorithm underlying the transaction.  An exception to these reporting requirements applies to financial 
instruments that are treated as "variable rate debt instruments" or "contingent payment debt instruments" for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the Issuer, an index sponsor or calculation agent or other person were to 
exercise discretion under the terms of a Note or an index underlying a Note and were treated as a holder's 
"designee" for these purposes, unless an exception applied (such as the exception for certain categories of debt 
instruments) certain holders of the relevant Notes would be required to report certain information to the IRS, 
as set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations, or be subject to penalties.  The Issuer might also be required 
to report information regarding the transaction to the IRS.  Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding 
these rules. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Amounts paid on the Notes, and the proceeds of a taxable disposition of the Notes, may be subject to 
information reporting and, if a holder fails to provide certain identifying information (such as an accurate 
taxpayer identification number for a U.S. Holder) or meet certain other conditions, may also be subject to 
backup withholding at the rate specified in the Code. A Non-U.S. Holder that provides an appropriate IRS 
Form W-8 generally will establish an exemption from backup withholding. Amounts withheld under the 
backup withholding rules are not additional taxes and may be refunded or credited against a holder’s U.S. 
federal income tax liability, provided the relevant information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
FATCA 
Legislation commonly referred to as "FATCA" generally imposes a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on 
payments to certain non-U.S. entities (including financial intermediaries) with respect to certain financial 
instruments, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements have been satisfied. An 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and the non-U.S. entity's jurisdiction may modify 
these requirements. This legislation generally applies to interest on Notes and certain dividend equivalents.  
While existing Treasury regulations would also require withholding on payments of gross proceeds of the 
disposition (including upon retirement) of financial instruments such as the Notes, the U.S. Treasury 
Department has indicated in subsequent proposed regulations its intent to eliminate this requirement.  The U.S. 
Treasury Department has indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations pending their 
finalization.  If withholding applies to the Notes, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts 
with respect to amounts withheld. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding FATCA, 
including the availability of certain refunds or credits. 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO HOLDERS OF OWNING AND DISPOSING OF NOTES MAY BE 
UNCLEAR. HOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES OF OWNING AND DISPOSING OF NOTES, INCLUDING THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES UNDER STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND THE POSSIBLE 
EFFECTS OF CHANGES IN U.S. FEDERAL OR OTHER TAX LAWS. 
UNITED KINGDOM TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the Issuer's understanding of current United Kingdom law and published 
HM Revenue & Customs' practice relating only to the United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of 
payments of interest (as that term is understood for United Kingdom tax purposes) in respect of Notes. It

--- Page 140 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-40 
 
 
does not deal with any other United Kingdom taxation implications of acquiring, holding or disposing of 
Notes.  The United Kingdom tax treatment of prospective Noteholders depends on their individual 
circumstances and may be subject to change in the future.  Prospective Noteholders who may be subject to 
tax in a jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom or who may be unsure as to their tax position should 
seek their own professional advice. 
Payments of interest on the Notes that does not have a United Kingdom source may be made without deduction 
or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax.  If interest paid on the Notes does have a United 
Kingdom source, then payments may be made without deduction or withholding on account of United 
Kingdom income tax in any of the following circumstances.  
Payments of interest on the Notes may be made without deduction of or withholding on account of United 
Kingdom income tax provided that the Notes carry a right to interest and the Notes are and continue to be 
listed on a "recognised stock exchange" within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007. 
Euronext Dublin is a recognised stock exchange.  The Notes will satisfy this requirement if they are officially 
listed in Ireland in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA states and 
are admitted to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market or the Global Exchange Market of Euronext 
Dublin.  Provided, therefore, that the Notes carry a right to interest and are and remain so listed on a 
"recognised stock exchange", interest on the Notes will be payable without deduction of or withholding on 
account of United Kingdom tax. 
Payments of interest on Notes may be made without deduction of or withholding on account of United 
Kingdom tax where the maturity of the Notes is less than 365 days and those Notes do not form part of a 
scheme or arrangement of borrowing intended to be capable of remaining outstanding for more than 364 days. 
In other cases, an amount must generally be withheld from payments of interest on the Notes that has a United 
Kingdom source on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.), subject 
to any other available exemptions and reliefs.  However, where an applicable double tax treaty provides for a 
lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) in relation to a Noteholder, HMRC can issue a 
notice to the Issuer to pay interest to the Noteholder without deduction of tax (or for interest to be paid with 
tax deducted at the rate provided for in the relevant double tax treaty). 
An amount may also be required to be withheld from payments on the Notes that have a United Kingdom 
source and are not interest, but are nevertheless treated as annual payments or manufactured payments for 
United Kingdom tax purposes, on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate.  However, where 
an applicable double tax treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) in 
relation to a Noteholder, HMRC can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay interest to the Noteholder without 
deduction of tax (or for interest to be paid with tax deducted at the rate provided for in the relevant double tax 
treaty). 
IRISH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the Issuer's understanding of current Irish tax law and practice of the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners relating only to the Irish withholding tax treatment of payments of interest (as that 
term is understood for Irish tax purposes) in respect of Notes.  Particular rules not discussed below may 
apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes, including dealers in securities and trusts.  The summary 
does not constitute tax or legal advice. It does not deal with any other Irish taxation implications of 
acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes.  The Irish tax treatment of prospective Noteholders depends on 
their individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future.  Prospective Noteholders should 
consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of 
the Notes and the receipt of payments thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or 
domicile.

--- Page 141 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
E-41 
 
 
Taxation of Noteholders 
 
Withholding Tax 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from payments 
of Irish source interest.  The Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from payments of 
interest on any Notes so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source income.  Interest paid on 
Notes should not be treated as having an Irish source unless: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of which 
is used to fund the payments on such Notes; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for the Notes is maintained 
in Ireland. 
It is anticipated that (i) the Issuer is not and will not be resident in Ireland for tax purposes; (ii) the 
Issuer does not and will not have a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland; (iii) payments on 
the Notes will not be derived from Irish sources or assets; and (iv) the Issuer will not maintain a register 
of any Notes in Ireland. 
 
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of income tax (currently 25 per cent.) on 
any interest, dividends or other income paid on Notes issued by a company not resident in Ireland, 
where such interest, dividends or other income is collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent 
in Ireland. 
Encashment tax does not apply where the Noteholder is not resident in Ireland and has made a 
declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States).  However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary market transactions referred to 
in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 142 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-1 
 
 
SECTION F – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES

--- Page 143 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-2 
 
 
SECTION F.1 – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
Except as indicated below, the following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes which will include 
the additional terms and conditions contained in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and Underlying 
Schedule 1 or, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Underlying Schedule 2, in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes or which will include the additional terms and conditions contained in another appropriate Underlying 
Schedule (each an Underlying Schedule and together the Underlying Schedules, and the Underlying 
Schedules together with the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the Schedules).  References herein to a 
Condition shall be deemed to be a reference to a Condition of the General Conditions of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, unless otherwise specified. 
References in these Conditions (the General Conditions) and in the applicable Schedules to the Notes shall 
be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean (a) in relation to any Notes represented by a global 
Note (a Global Registered Note Certificate), units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified 
Currency; (b) any Global Registered Note Certificate; (c) any definitive Registered Notes (Registered Note 
Certificates) whether or not issued in exchange for a Global Registered Note Certificate. 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify if the Notes are redeemable in instalments (Instalment Notes). 
The Valuation and Settlement Schedule and applicable Issue Terms will specify whether settlement shall be 
by way of cash payment (Cash Settled Notes) or by physical delivery (Physical Delivery Notes).   
Notes are issued in Series and each Series may comprise one or more Tranches of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of a Final Terms document (the Final Terms) or, in the case of Notes which are neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (Exempt 
Notes), a pricing supplement (the Pricing Supplement) which, in the case of the Final Terms, completes or, 
in the case of the Pricing Supplement, completes, amends and/or replaces the General Conditions and the 
applicable Schedule(s). In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and the applicable 
Schedule(s) and (ii) the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Issue Terms shall prevail.   
The conditions of a Tranche of Notes (the Conditions) means, in relation to such Tranche of Notes, the General 
Conditions and the applicable Schedule(s) as completed or, in the case of Exempt Notes, completed, amended 
and/or replaced, as applicable, by the information set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the purposes hereof, Issue Terms means either (i) where the Notes are not Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms or (ii) where the Notes are Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references 
should be construed accordingly. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to a Fiscal Agency Agreement dated 5 February 2021 (as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Fiscal Agency Agreement) between Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc. (the Issuer), Citigroup Inc. (the CGMHI Guarantor), Citibank, N.A., London branch 
including as issuing agent and fiscal agent (in such capacity, the Fiscal Agent, which expression shall include 
any successor fiscal agent, and the Fiscal Agent and any other paying agent from time to time are together 
referred to herein as the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying 
agents), as exchange agent (the Exchange Agent, which expression shall include any successor exchange 
agent) and as principal paying agent, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as registrar (the Registrar, which 
expression shall include any successor registrar) and Citibank Europe plc as transfer agent (the Transfer 
Agent, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents and the Fiscal Agent, the 
Registrar, all Paying Agents and all Transfer Agents are together referred to herein as the Agents). 
The Notes are issued with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant dated 8 February 2019 (as amended, supplemented 
and or restated from time to time (the CGMHI Deed of Covenant) executed by CGMHI in relation to such 
Notes.

--- Page 144 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-3 
 
 
The Notes are the subject of a Deed of Guarantee (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee), dated 24 March 2016 executed by the CGMHI Guarantor. 
The holders of the Notes are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
applicable to them. 
Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee 
are available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents.  
Copies of the applicable Issue Terms are obtainable during normal business hours at the specified office of 
each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable 
by a Noteholder holding one or more of the Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Where the Notes are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be issued in Units (Units), then, references in 
the applicable Issue Terms to Units shall be deemed to be references to the specified principal amount of the 
Notes and all references in the Conditions to payments and/or deliveries being made in respect of a Calculation 
Amount shall be construed to such payments and/or deliveries being made in respect of a Unit. 
All capitalised terms which are not defined in the Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
Subject as provided below, the Notes are issued in registered form in the denomination specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms (the Specified Denomination).   
Each Registered Note Certificate represents a holding of one or more Notes by the same holder (as 
defined below). 
Subject as provided below, title to any Notes shall pass upon registration of the transfer in accordance 
with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement. Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as 
the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof 
and for all other purposes, whether or not such Note shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice 
of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone but, in the case of any Global 
Registered Note Certificate, without prejudice to the provisions set out below. 
In the Conditions, holder means the person in whose name a Note is registered, PROVIDED THAT, 
in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, it shall be construed as 
provided below and Noteholder shall have a correlative meaning. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate held on behalf 
of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking SA (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
principal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any

--- Page 145 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-4 
 
 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such principal amount of 
such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
principal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the registered holder of the relevant Global 
Registered Note Certificate shall be treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and each Agent as 
the holder of such principal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Registered Note Certificate and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company (DTC) or its nominee is the registered owner or holder 
of a Global Registered Note Certificate, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered 
the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate for all 
purposes under the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that, in accordance 
with DTC's published rules and procedures, any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants 
or beneficial owners through participants. 
Interests in Notes which are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate will be transferable 
only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Relevant Clearing System 
and in accordance with Condition 2 below. 
Relevant Clearing System means, as appropriate, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC and/or 
such other relevant clearing system, as the case may be, through which interests in Notes are to be 
held and through an account at which the Notes are to be cleared, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
2. 
Exchanges and Transfers of Notes 
 
Transfer of Notes 
Subject to Conditions 2(b) and (c) below, if definitive Notes are issued, one or more of such Notes 
may be transferred upon the surrender of the Registered Note Certificate representing such Notes to 
be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Registered Note Certificate duly 
completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent.  In the case of 
a transfer of part only of a holding of Notes represented by one Registered Note Certificate, a new 
Registered Note Certificate in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor.  In 
the case of a transfer of Notes to a person who is already a holder of Notes, a new Registered Note 
Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Registered 
Note Certificate representing the existing holding.   
Subject to Conditions 2(b) and (c) below, transfers of beneficial interests in a Global Registered Note 
Certificate will be effected by the Relevant Clearing System only in accordance with the terms and 
conditions specified in the Fiscal Agency Agreement and, in turn, by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such Relevant Clearing Systems acting on behalf of beneficial 
transferors and transferees of such interests.  A beneficial interest in a Global Registered Note 
Certificate will only be exchangeable for a definitive Registered Note Certificate as described in, and 
subject to, the provision of such Global Registered Note Certificate and only in accordance with the 
rules and operating procedures for the time being of the Relevant Clearing System and in accordance 
with the terms and conditions specified in the Fiscal Agency Agreement.  Transfers of a Global 
Registered Note Certificate registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers 
of such Global Registered Note Certificate, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to 
a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee.

--- Page 146 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-5 
 
 
 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificates 
Interests in a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate may not be sold, pledged or otherwise 
transferred at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person, 
other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof. Furthermore, interests in a Regulation S Global Registered 
Note Certificate may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Each 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate, and any Note issued upon exchange, transfer or 
replacement of such Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate, shall bear a permanent legend 
regarding such restriction on transfer. 
 
Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificates 
Interests in a Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate may not be sold, pledged or otherwise 
transferred at any time other than (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (ii) to a person the seller 
reasonably believes to be a QIB purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the 
account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in 
accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States or any other 
jurisdiction. Each Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate, and any Note issued upon exchange, 
transfer or replacement of such Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate, shall bear a permanent 
legend regarding such restriction on transfer. 
 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
QIB means a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A. 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate means a Global Registered Note Certificate 
representing Notes sold in offshore transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate means a Global Registered Note Certificate 
representing Notes sold in the United States to QIBs. 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
US person has the meaning given to such term under Regulation S. 
 
Partial Redemption of Notes 
In the case of a partial redemption of a holding of Notes represented by a single definitive Registered 
Note Certificate, a new definitive Registered Note Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect 
the balance of the holding not redeemed.  New Registered Note Certificates shall only be issued against 
surrender of the existing Registered Note Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent.  In the 
case of a partial redemption of a holding of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, 
the Global Registered Note Certificate shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption. 
 
Delivery of New Registered Note Certificates 
Each new Registered Note Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 2(a) or (e) will, within three 
business days (being a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in

--- Page 147 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-6 
 
 
the place of the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent to whom such form of transfer 
shall have been delivered) of receipt of such form of transfer, be available for delivery at the specified 
office of the Registrar or of the Transfer Agent (as the case may be) to whom such delivery shall have 
been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery as aforesaid and as specified in the 
relevant form of transfer, be mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Registered Note 
Certificate to such address as may be specified in such form of transfer. 
 
Transfer Free of Charge 
Transfer and registration of Notes will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but will be subject to the payment (or the giving of such indemnity 
as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require in respect thereof) of any stamp duty, tax 
or other governmental or registration charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
 
Closed Periods 
No holder of a Note may require the transfer of a Note to be registered (i) during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date 
on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 5(e)(iii) 
after any such Note has been called for redemption in whole or in part or (iv) during the period of 
seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date (as defined in Condition 6(a)(iii) below). 
3. 
Status 
 
Status of Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
will at all times rank pari passu and rateably among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may 
be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
 
Status of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Notes 
The obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor and rank and will 
at all times at least rank pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding 
obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of 
law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
4. 
Interest 
The provisions relating to interest due in respect of the Notes (if any) shall be as specified in the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms. 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase 
 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each principal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be redeemed at the amount (the Redemption Amount) 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and/or 
the applicable Issue Terms on the Maturity Date.

--- Page 148 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-7 
 
 
 
Redemption for Relevant Clearing System closure or default by CGMHI, Redemption for Illegality 
and Redemption for Obligor Regulatory Event 
(i) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor, as the case 
may be, in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 10 or more than 30 days' 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable), at, 
in respect of each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount and in the case 
of LA Credit Linked Notes subject to Credit Condition 5(f) and Credit Condition 5(i) (as 
applicable and if Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions applies) or Credit 
Condition 6(f) and Credit Condition 6(i) (as applicable and if Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit 
Linked Conditions (2014 Definitions) applies), the Early Redemption Amount, (i) if the 
Relevant Clearing System announces an intention to terminate its business without a 
successor, or (ii) upon the occurrence of a default by the Issuer in respect of any Note. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Notes, or the CGMHI 
Guarantor determines that the performance of its obligations under the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee, or that any arrangements made to hedge the Issuer's and/or the CGMHI Guarantor's 
obligations under the Notes and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, as the case may be, has or 
will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part for any reason, the 
Issuer may redeem the Notes early by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
Should any one or more of the provisions contained in the Conditions be or become invalid, 
the validity of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected thereby. 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes early pursuant to this provision, then the Issuer will, if and to 
the extent permitted by applicable law, pay to each Noteholder in respect of each principal 
amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount held by such holder and in the case of LA 
Credit Linked Notes subject to Credit Condition 5(f) and Credit Condition 5(i) (as applicable 
and if Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions applies) or Credit Condition 6(f) 
and Credit Condition 6(i) (as applicable and if Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked 
Conditions (2014 Definitions) applies), an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount.  
Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 and upon such payment in respect of such Notes all obligations of the Issuer 
in respect thereof and the CGMHI Guarantor in respect of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in 
respect thereof shall be discharged. 
(iii) 
If Obligor Regulatory Call Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and, 
at any time, the Issuer determines that an Obligor Regulatory Event has or will occur, the 
Issuer may redeem all or some only of the Notes early by giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13.  
If the Issuer redeems the Notes early pursuant to this provision, then the Issuer will, if and to 
the extent permitted by applicable law, pay to each Noteholder in respect of each principal 
amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount held by such holder and in the case of LA 
Credit Linked Notes subject to Credit Condition 5(f) and Credit Condition 5(i) (as applicable 
and if Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions applies) or Credit Condition 6(f) 
and Credit Condition 6(i) (as applicable and if Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked 
Conditions (2014 Definitions) applies), an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on 
the date specified as such in the notice to Noteholders or, if no such date is specified, on the 
day falling five Business Days after the date on which such notice is delivered. Payment will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 and upon such payment in respect of such Notes all obligations of the Issuer and the 
CGMHI Guarantor in respect thereof shall be discharged.

--- Page 149 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-8 
 
 
In the case of a redemption of some only of the Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed 
Notes) will be selected individually by lot not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance 
with the rules of the Relevant Clearing System (in the case of Notes cleared through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate.  In the case 
of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than five days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption.   
Where: 
Obligor Regulatory Event means that:  
(i) 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or any of their Affiliates has become subject to less 
favourable capital adequacy treatment with respect to the Notes when compared as of 
the Trade Date to any date thereafter until the Maturity Date;  
(ii) 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or any of their Affiliates suffers or will suffer any 
increased costs in connection with the Notes, including any costs associated with 
hedging the Notes or costs in maintaining any applicable capital reserves in respect 
of the Notes; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the CGMHI Guarantor would be materially restricted 
from performing any of its obligations under the Notes or, in the case of the CGMHI 
Guarantor, its obligations under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee;  
as a result of an enactment of, or supplement or amendment to, or a change in, law by a 
Relevant Governmental Authority or a change in policy or interpretation, implementation or 
application of any relevant laws or regulations, including any accord, standard, official 
communication or recommendation of the Basle Committee on Banking Supervision, by any 
Relevant Governmental Authority or the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or any of their 
Affiliates. 
Relevant Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any 
agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or 
other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation 
of the financial markets (including the central bank) of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or 
any of their Affiliates or of the jurisdiction of organisation of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
or any of their Affiliates. 
 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries or Affiliates may at any time 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price.  Any Notes so purchased may be held or 
resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
For the purpose of Condition 5(b) above, Condition 9, Credit Condition 2(j) (if Underlying Schedule 
1 – Credit Linked Conditions applies), Credit Condition 3(j) (if Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked 
Conditions (2014 Definitions) applies), Credit Condition 11 (if Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked 
Conditions (2014 Definitions) applies) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the Early

--- Page 150 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-9 
 
 
Redemption Amount in respect of each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount 
will be calculated, in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes subject to Credit Condition 5(f) and Credit 
Condition 5(i) (as applicable and if Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions applies) or 
Credit Condition 6(f) and Credit Condition 6(i) (as applicable and if Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit 
Linked Conditions (2014 Definitions) applies), as either: (a) an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent (as defined in Condition 20) which represents the fair market 
value of such Notes (which shall include amounts in respect of interest if applicable) on a day selected 
by the Issuer (ignoring for the purposes of a redemption pursuant to Condition 5(b)(ii), the relevant 
unlawfulness, illegality or prohibition) less (except in the case of any early redemption pursuant to 
Condition 9) the proportionate cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
and/or related hedging and funding arrangements in respect of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
any option and swap transaction(s) hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Notes) and, for the 
purposes of determining the fair market value of the Notes for the purposes of Condition 9, no account 
shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor which shall be 
presumed to be able to perform fully their respective obligations in respect of the Notes or (b) an 
amount determined as provided in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.  
 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may, having given the 
number of days' notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified: 
(i) 
not less than, five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(ii) 
not less than five days' notice to the Registrar, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date at, in respect of each principal 
amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount and in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes subject 
to Credit Condition 5(f) and Credit Condition 5(i) (as applicable and if Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit 
Linked Conditions applies) or Credit Condition 6(f) and Credit Condition 6(i)  (as applicable and if 
Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Definitions) applies), the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule or specified in the applicable Issue Terms together, if applicable, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of 
a principal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the case of a redemption of some only of the Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) 
will be selected individually by lot not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, in the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of the 
Relevant Clearing System (in the case of Notes cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Registered Note Certificate.  In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 13 not less than five days prior to the date fixed for redemption.   
 
Redemption at the Option of holders of Notes 
If Investor Put is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 the number of days' notice specified in the

--- Page 151 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-10 
 
 
applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, not less than 45 days' notice the Issuer will, upon 
the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date at, in respect 
of each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount and in the case of LA Credit 
Linked Notes subject to Credit Condition 5(f) and Credit Condition 5(i) (as applicable and if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions applies) or Credit Condition 6(f) and Credit 
Condition 6(i) (as applicable and if Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions (2014 
Definitions) applies), the Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and in the applicable Issue Terms together, if 
applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.   
To exercise the right to require redemption of a Note the holder of such Note must, if such Note is in 
definitive form and held outside the Relevant Clearing System, deliver, at the specified office of the 
Registrar at any time during normal business hours of the Registrar falling within the notice period, a 
duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from 
any specified office of the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account to which payment is to be made under this Condition and the principal amount thereof to be 
redeemed and, if less than the full principal amount of the Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an 
address to which a new Note in respect of the balance of such Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2(g).  If the relevant Note is in definitive form, the Put 
Notice must be accompanied by the Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that 
the Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If the relevant Note is represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate and cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of such Note the holder of such 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Registrar of such exercise in accordance with 
the standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable (which may include 
notice being given on that holder's instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them, as 
applicable, to the Registrar by electronic means), in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to time. 
If the relevant Note is represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate and cleared through DTC, 
to exercise the right to require redemption of such Note, the holder of such Note must, within the 
notice period, give notice to the Registrar of such exercise in the form of a Put Notice acceptable to 
the Registrar and irrevocably instruct DTC to debit the relevant Noteholder's securities account with 
the relevant Notes on or before the Optional Redemption Date in accordance with applicable DTC 
practice.  
 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor may be surrendered for 
cancellation by surrendering the Note representing such Notes to the Registrar and, if so surrendered, 
will, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith.  Any Notes surrendered 
for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer and the CGMHI 
Guarantor in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
 
Instalment Notes 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes which are Instalment Notes, no Instalment Amount will be payable 
in respect of the Notes in respect of which the relevant date for payment thereof has not occurred on

--- Page 152 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-11 
 
 
or prior to the Credit Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date (in each case if any 
and as defined in the applicable Underlying Schedule), as applicable. 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Notes are LCY Instalment Notes, on payment of an 
Instalment in respect of the Notes, the principal amount of the Notes held by the registered holder 
thereof will be reduced by the related amount of the LCY Instalment Amount in respect of the relevant 
Instalment Date and not by the amount of the instalment so paid (notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary under such Notes or the Global Registered Note Certificate). 
References in the Conditions of Instalment Notes to (A) "each principal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount" shall be deemed to be to "each principal amount of Notes which as of the Issue 
Date had a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount"; and (B) (i) "each principal amount of 
Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount" and (ii) "each principal amount of Credit 
Linked Notes in the Calculation Amount", shall be deemed to be to "each principal amount of Credit 
Linked Notes which as of the Issue Date had a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount". 
6. 
Payments 
 
Method of Payment 
(i) 
Subject to paragraph (ii) below, payments of principal in respect of Notes (whether or not in 
global form) will be made, where applicable, against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Note at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents or of the Registrar. 
(ii) 
Payments of instalments of principal in respect of Notes which are Instalment Notes, other 
than the final instalment (except in the case of Credit Linked Notes), will be paid to the person 
shown on the register of holders of the Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (A) 
where such Notes are in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose, 
a day on which the Relevant Clearing System is open for business) before the due date for 
payment thereof, and (B) where such Notes are in definitive form, at the close of business on 
the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the Record Date). 
(iii) 
Payments of interest on Notes will be paid to the person shown on the Register (A) where 
such Notes are in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose, a day 
on which the Relevant Clearing System is open for business) before the due date for payment 
thereof, and (B) where such Notes are in definitive form, at the close of business on the Record 
Date. 
Such payments will be made by credit or transfer (a) other than in the case of payments in Renminbi, 
to an account in the relevant currency designated by the holder with a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of that currency or, if the currency is Euro, any bank which processes payments 
in Euro notified to the Registrar by such holder or (b) in the case of payments in Renminbi, into an 
account denominated in Renminbi and maintained by the payee with a bank in the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and guidelines issued 
from time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to settlement in Renminbi 
in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s)). 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Global Registered Note 
Certificate in respect of Notes payable in a Settlement Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid 
by transfer by the Fiscal Agent to an account in the Settlement Currency of the Exchange Agent on 
behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in accordance with the 
provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement unless a holder has elected to receive payment in the 
relevant Settlement Currency in accordance with applicable DTC practice.

--- Page 153 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-12 
 
 
 
Payments Subject to Law, etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives.  
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Notes in respect of such payments. 
The holder of a Global Registered Note Certificate shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Notes represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate and the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the CGMHI Guarantor, will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Registered Note Certificate in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the 
persons shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as the beneficial holder of a particular 
principal amount of Notes represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate must look solely to 
the Relevant Clearing System for such person's share of each payment so made by the Issuer or the 
CGMHI Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Registered Note Certificate. 
 
Appointment of Agents 
As applicable, each of the Fiscal Agent, each Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, each 
Transfer Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor 
and their respective specified offices are listed below or in the applicable Issue Terms.  The Fiscal 
Agent, each Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, each Transfer Agent and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents or, as the case may be, registrars of the Issuer and the CGMHI 
Guarantor and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder.  
The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Registrar, the 
Exchange Agent or any Transfer Agent and to appoint additional or other agents PROVIDED THAT 
the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor will at all relevant times maintain: 
(i) 
a Fiscal Agent;  
(ii) 
at any time at which any Note is outstanding, a Registrar; 
(iii) 
at any time at which any Note cleared through DTC is outstanding, an Exchange Agent in 
relation thereto;  
(iv) 
at any time at which any Note is outstanding, a Transfer Agent in relation thereto; 
(v) 
a Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one; 
(vi) 
a Paying Agent having a specified office in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; 
(vii) 
such other agents as may be required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
may be listed. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying 
Agent, any Transfer Agent or the Registrar will promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13. 
 
Payment Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder shall not be entitled 
to payment until the next following Payment Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment.  In this paragraph, Payment Day means:

--- Page 154 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-13 
 
 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Business Day Jurisdictions" in the 
applicable Issue Terms;  
(ii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as a "Business Day Jurisdictions" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, TARGET2 Business Day;  
(iii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Settlement Currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Settlement Currency (which if the 
Settlement Currency is Australian dollars, New Zealand dollars or Renminbi, shall be Sydney, 
Auckland and the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s), respectively) or (B) in relation to any 
sum payable in Euro, a TARGET2 Business Day; and 
(iv) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Global Registered Note Certificate payable in a 
Settlement Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee 
and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with interests in such Global Registered 
Note Certificate) has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. dollars, a day on 
which commercial banks are not authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed in 
New York City. 
 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in the Conditions is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a business day convention (a Business Day Convention) and (x) such 
day would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day or (y) there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar months in which such date should occur, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified in the applicable Issue Terms is (i) the Floating Rate Convention, (1) in the case 
of (x) above such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day 
of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment or (2) in the 
case of (y) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (B) above shall apply mutatis mutandis, (ii) the Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
If "No Adjustment" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of a date, then if that date falls 
on a day that is not a Business Day, no adjustment will be made to that date. 
 
RMB Currency Event 
If "RMB Currency Event" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, upon the occurrence of an RMB 
Currency Event, the Issuer’s obligation to make a payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes shall, 
at the election of the Issuer, (i) be postponed to the tenth Business Day after the date on which the 
RMB Currency Event, as determined by the Issuer, ceases to exist or, if that would not be

--- Page 155 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-14 
 
 
commercially reasonable, as soon as commercially reasonable thereafter or (ii) be replaced by an 
obligation to pay such amount in the Relevant Currency converted using the Spot Rate for the relevant 
RMB Determination Date. 
The Issuer shall, as soon as practicable after the occurrence of an RMB Currency Event, give notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the RMB 
Currency Event and giving details thereof. 
For the purpose of this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Determination Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) and settle payments in the relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre(s), London and the principal financial centre of the country of the Relevant Currency; 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of the relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s); 
Hedge Position means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, 
derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described) purchased, sold, entered into or maintained by the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and/or any of their Affiliates in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the 
Notes. 
Relevant Currency means U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
Relevant Currency Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page means the screen page specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (or any successor screen page or information provider thereto as determined by the Calculation 
Agent); 
RMB Currency Event means any one of RMB Illiquidity, RMB Inconvertibility and RMB Non-
Transferability; 
RMB Determination Date means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the date 
of the relevant payment under the Notes; 
RMB Illiquidity means the occurrence of any event or circumstance whereby (i) the general Renminbi 
exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid (including, without limitation, the existence of any 
significant price distortion) as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order 
to perform its obligations under the Notes or (if applicable) any party to a Hedge Position would not 
be able to obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under such Hedge Position; 
or (ii) it becomes impossible or impractical for the Issuer (or, if applicable, would be impossible or 
impractical for any party to a Hedge Position) to obtain a firm quote of the exchange rate, in each case, 
as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition that has the 
effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or has the effect prohibiting, restricting or 
materially delaying the ability of, the Issuer or (if applicable) any party to a Hedge Position to convert 
any amount as may be required to be paid by any party on any payment date in respect of the Notes or 
(if applicable) any Hedge Position into RMB, other than where such impossibility, impracticability or

--- Page 156 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-15 
 
 
illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any of its affiliates to comply with any 
law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the 
control of that party and/or its affiliates, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable 
or illegal for the Issuer or (if applicable) any party to a Hedge Position and/or any of its affiliates to 
deliver RMB between accounts inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or from an account 
inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside such RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
(including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for participating banks in the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted or suspended) or from an account outside the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) to an account inside such RMB Settlement Centre(s), other than where such 
impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any 
of its affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any of its affiliates, 
due to an event beyond the control of the relevant party and/or any of its affiliates (as applicable), to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation); and 
Spot Rate means the spot CNY/Relevant Currency exchange rate for the purchase of the Relevant 
Currency with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre(s) for settlement in two Determination Business Days, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent at or around the Relevant Currency Valuation Time on the RMB Determination 
Date by reference to the Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page. If such rate is not available, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the rate taking into consideration all available information which the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant, including pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non-
deliverable exchange market in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or elsewhere and the 
CNY/Relevant Currency exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange market. All 
notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this definition of Spot Rate by the 
Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the Paying Agents and all holders of the Notes. 
7. 
Taxation 
Neither the Issuer nor the CGMHI Guarantor shall be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, 
duty, withholding or other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation 
and surrender for payment and/or delivery, or enforcement of any Note and/or the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee and all payments and/or deliveries made by or on behalf of the Issuer or the CGMHI 
Guarantor, as the case may be, shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, withholding or other 
payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted.  Each Noteholder will assume 
and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any jurisdiction or governmental or regulatory 
authority, including, without limitation, any state or local taxes or other like assessment or charges 
that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the Notes and/or the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee.  
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 20) in respect thereof.

--- Page 157 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-16 
 
 
9. 
Events of Default 
 
Event of Default wherever used herein with respect to the Notes means any one of the following 
events: 
(i) 
the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Issuer by a court having jurisdiction 
in the premises in an involuntary case under the United States Federal bankruptcy laws, as 
now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable United States Federal or State 
bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, 
custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Issuer or of the whole or 
substantially the whole of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, 
and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 
consecutive days; or 
(ii) 
the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary case under the United States Federal 
bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable United States Federal 
or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or the consent by it to the entry of an 
order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law or to the appointment of a receiver, 
liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Issuer or 
of the whole or substantially the whole of its property, or the making by the Issuer of an 
assignment for the benefit of its creditors generally, or the admission by the Issuer in writing 
of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due. 
 
If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes at the time Outstanding occurs and is continuing, then 
in every such case the holders of not less than 25 per cent. in principal amount of the Outstanding 
Notes may declare the Notes, by a notice in writing to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the Fiscal 
Agent, to be immediately due and payable, whereupon each principal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount shall become due and repayable at the Early Redemption Amount.  Upon such 
payment in respect of any Note, all obligations of the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor in respect of 
such Note shall be discharged. 
 
Outstanding when used with respect to the Notes, means, as of the date of determination, all Notes 
authenticated and delivered under the Conditions prior to such date, except: 
(i) 
Notes cancelled by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar or delivered to the Fiscal Agent or the 
Registrar for cancellation; 
(ii) 
Notes or portions thereof for whose payment or redemption money in the necessary amount 
has been deposited with the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in accordance with the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement; provided, however, that if such Notes or portions thereof are to be 
redeemed, notice of such redemption has been duly given pursuant to the Conditions or 
provision therefor satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent has been made; and 
(iii) 
Notes in exchange for or in lieu of which other Notes have been authenticated and delivered 
pursuant to the Conditions, other than any such Notes in respect of which there shall have 
been presented to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar proof satisfactory to it that such Notes are 
held by a bona fide purchaser in whose hands such Notes are valid obligations of the Issuer, 
provided, however, that in determining whether the holders of the requisite principal amount of Notes 
Outstanding have performed any act hereunder, Notes owned by the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor 
or any person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common 
control of the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding.  
Notes so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee 
establishes to the satisfaction of the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar the pledgee's right to act with respect

--- Page 158 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-17 
 
 
to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor or any person directly or 
indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control of the Issuer or the 
CGMHI Guarantor. 
10. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding 
 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of holders of Notes to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including modification by Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Notes (including the Conditions insofar as the same may apply to the Notes), the CGMHI Deed of 
Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, as they relate to the Notes.  The Fiscal 
Agency Agreement provides that (a) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-quarters 
of the votes cast on such resolution, (b) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all the 
Noteholders, or (c) consent given by way of electronic consents through the Relevant Clearing 
System(s) (where permitted by the rules of the Relevant Clearing System) (in a form satisfactory to 
the Fiscal Agent) by or on behalf of all the Noteholders, shall, in each case, be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders.  An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed by the 
Noteholders will be binding on all the holders of the Notes, whether or not they are present at any 
meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, except that any Extraordinary Resolution 
proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, or any date for 
payment of interest thereon, (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount of the Notes, the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Redemption Amount, any Instalment 
Amount or any Asset Amount or any other amount payable or deliverable on redemption of the Notes, 
(iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of 
calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest, (iv) if a Minimum Interest Rate and/or a Maximum 
Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum 
Interest Rate, (v) to change any method of calculating the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional 
Redemption Amount, the Redemption Amount, any Instalment Amount or any Asset Amount or any 
other amount payable or deliverable on redemption of the Notes, (vi) to change the currency or 
currencies of payment of the Notes, (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at 
any meeting of holders of Notes or any adjournment thereof or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution or (viii) to take any steps which as specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum 
provisions apply, will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the holders of Notes (or at any 
adjournment thereof) at which a special quorum (provided for in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) is 
present. 
 
Modifications 
The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor may make, without the consent of the Noteholders: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) to, as applicable, the Notes, the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, which is, 
in the opinion of the Issuer, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders 
(without considering the individual circumstances of any Noteholder or the tax or other 
consequences of such modification in any particular jurisdiction); or 
(ii) 
any modification to the Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant 
and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of 
law.

--- Page 159 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-18 
 
 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification shall be notified 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
 
Determinations 
Except as otherwise provided in sub-paragraph (f) below, whenever any matter falls to be determined, 
considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
other person (including where a matter is to be decided by reference to the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent's or such other person's opinion), that matter shall be determined, considered, elected, selected 
or otherwise decided upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or such other person, as the case may 
be, in good faith and (i) where "Sole and Absolute Determination" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in its sole and absolute discretion or (ii) where "Commercial Determination" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in a commercially reasonable manner.  
The provisions above are without prejudice to the provisions in any applicable Schedule, which will 
prevail in relation to any determinations thereunder in the event of any inconsistency. 
The Calculation Agent or such other person may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its 
obligations and functions to a third party as it deems appropriate.  The Issuer may delegate any of its 
obligations and functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
 
Exercise of Discretion 
In exercising its discretion in respect of the Notes as provided herein, each of the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent or such other person (described in (c) above) may take into account such factors as 
it determines appropriate in each case, which may include, in particular, any circumstances or events 
which have or may have a material impact on the hedging arrangements entered into by a Hedging 
Party (as defined in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule) in respect of the Notes. The exercise of 
the Issuer's and/or the Calculation Agent's and/or such other person's discretion in respect of the Notes 
as provided herein are necessary because certain circumstances or events (for example a material 
modification or disruption to an Underlying to which the Notes are linked) may occur subsequent to 
the issuance of the Notes which may materially affect the costs to a Hedging Party of maintaining the 
relevant Notes or relevant hedging arrangements. Such circumstances or events may not have been 
reflected in the pricing of the Notes. In addition, as a result of certain circumstances or events (e.g. 
unavailability or disruption to any reference source), it may no longer be reasonably practicable or 
otherwise appropriate for certain valuations in respect of any Underlying or otherwise in connection 
with the Notes to be made, thus making it necessary for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to 
exercise its discretion in such a case. 
 
Hedging Arrangements 
As used in this Condition 10:  
hedging arrangements means the arrangements, if any, the Issuer makes to have available to it the 
relevant cash amounts to be paid or assets to be delivered under the Notes as these fall due. This may 
involve a Hedging Party investing directly in an Underlying or by entering into securities transactions 
or loan transactions or derivative transactions or any combination thereof. Alternatively, a Hedging 
Party may make an indirect investment by entering into or acquiring a derivative contract referencing 
an Underlying. Such hedging arrangements may be carried out on a portfolio basis (i.e. where the 
Hedging Party maintains arrangements for hedging the Notes together with other obligations of the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates). A Hedging Party will seek to select hedging arrangements which are 
efficient for it in the context of the tax, regulatory and business environment in which it operates, but 
will do so without having regard to the interests of Noteholders. A Hedging Party may also adjust 
hedging arrangements from time to time but will not always be able to avoid adverse costs, taxes or

--- Page 160 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-19 
 
 
regulatory changes which affect its hedging arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, no Hedging 
Party is under any obligation to enter into any hedging arrangements and, if any hedging arrangements 
are entered into, such arrangements will not confer any rights or entitlements on any Noteholder and 
no Noteholder will have recourse to any such hedging arrangements; and 
Hedging Party means any party which enters into any arrangement which hedges or is intended to 
hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or "or book") basis, the Notes, which party may be the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any other party or parties, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Determination of amounts payable or deliverable 
The Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other person will employ the methodology 
described in the Conditions and/or the Valuation and Settlement Schedule to determine amounts 
payable or deliverable in respect of the Notes.  When making any such determination in relation to 
any amounts so payable or deliverable, the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other 
persons may in its/their sole and absolute discretion consider any relevant information, which may but 
is not required to include, without limitation, one or more of the following: 
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) supplied by one or more third parties or information 
sources; 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant markets supplied by one or more 
third parties or information sources including, without limitation, relevant rates, prices, yields, 
yield curves, volatilities, spreads correlation or other relevant market data in the relevant 
market; or 
(iii) 
information of the types described in (i) or (ii) above from internal sources (including any 
Affiliates of the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other persons) or other 
information of a type used by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other 
persons in the regular course of its business or in connection with similar transactions. 
Whenever any of the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other persons is required to make 
any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. Any delay, 
deferral or forbearance by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other person in the 
performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions under the Notes including, without 
limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature 
of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion. 
 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless otherwise specified), 
(x) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures will be 
rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts 
which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest Yen.  For these 
purposes unit means the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency.  
 
Disclaimer of liability and responsibility  
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person makes any express or implied 
representations or warranties as to (i) the advisability of investing in or obtaining exposure to the

--- Page 161 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-20 
 
 
Notes, (ii) the value of the Notes at any particular time on any particular date, or (iii) any amounts that 
may become payable or deliverable in respect of the Notes. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Calculation Agent and/or such other 
persons have any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Noteholders for any direct, 
indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including loss of profits) even if 
notified of the possibility of such damages. 
The Calculation Agent and/or such other persons shall not have any responsibility to any holder for 
any errors or omissions in any calculations or determinations in respect of the Notes and act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. 
 
Conflict of Interest 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of its 
Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the Issuer and any Series of Notes 
including, but not limited to, for example, being involved in arrangements relating to any 
Underlying(s).  Furthermore, the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliates may contract with the Issuer 
and/or enter into transactions which relate to the Issuer, the Notes or any Underlying and as a result 
the Calculation Agent may face a conflict between its obligations as Calculation Agent and its and/or 
its Affiliates' interests in other capacities.  Subject to all regulatory obligations, neither the Issuer nor 
the Calculation Agent in respect of the Notes shall owe any duty or responsibility to any Noteholder 
to avoid any conflict or to act in the interests of any Noteholder. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes 
If a Note is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws 
and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Registrar or such other Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of 
whose designation is given to holders in accordance with Condition 13, in each case on payment by 
the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Note is subsequently presented for payment or delivery (where applicable), there will be paid to the 
Issuer on demand the amount payable or an amount equal to the amount so deliverable by the Issuer 
in respect of such Note and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (or the same in all respects save for the amount and 
date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue) 
PROVIDED THAT, for the avoidance of doubt and unless otherwise specified, references in the 
Conditions to "Issue Date" shall be to the first issue date of the Notes and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with such Notes, and references in the Conditions to "Notes" 
shall be construed accordingly. 
13. 
Notices 
All notices to the holders of Notes will be deemed validly given if mailed to them at their respective 
addresses in the Register and any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday 
(being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing.  This paragraph should be 
read in conjunction with the paragraph below.

--- Page 162 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-21 
 
 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Registered Note 
Certificate(s) representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of any Relevant Clearing 
System, be substituted for such mailing as provided above, the delivery of the relevant notice to each 
Relevant Clearing System for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for 
so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by 
any other relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or other relevant authority so require, 
such notice will be published in the manner and/or place or places required by those rules including 
publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange if required by those rules.  Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Relevant Clearing System or, where there is more than one Relevant Clearing System 
the first such Relevant Clearing System. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Registrar.  Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, such notice may be given by 
any Noteholder to the Registrar through the Relevant Clearing System in such manner as the Registrar 
and the Relevant Clearing System may approve for this purpose. 
If Notice to the Issuer is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, notices to be given by 
any Noteholder to the Issuer regarding the Notes will be validly given if delivered in writing to the 
Issuer as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
on the day when delivered or if delivered on a day that is not a Notice Delivery Business Day or after 
5.00 p.m. in the Notice Delivery Business Day Centre on a Notice Delivery Business Day, will be 
deemed effective on the next following Notice Delivery Business Day.  The Noteholder must provide 
satisfactory evidence to the Issuer of its holding of Notes which, in case of Notes represented by a 
Global Registered Note Certificate, may be in the form of certification from the Relevant Clearing 
System. 
14. 
Consolidation or Merger 
 
The Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor shall not consolidate with or merge into any other corporation or 
convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any Person (as defined 
below), other than in relation to the CGMHI Guarantor only, by way of a conveyance, transfer or lease 
to one or more of its respective Subsidiaries (as defined below), unless: 
(i) 
the corporation formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer or the CGMHI 
Guarantor is merged or the Person which acquires by conveyance or transfer, or which leases, 
the properties and assets of the Issuer substantially as an entirety (the successor corporation) 
shall be a corporation organised and existing under the laws of any of the United States, the 
United Kingdom, Luxembourg, France, Germany, Belgium or The Netherlands or, in any such 
case, any political subdivision thereof and shall, by taking such action as may be required to 
be taken were such successor corporation the Substitute for the purposes of Condition 15, 
expressly assume, the due and punctual payment of, in the case of a consolidation or merger 
in respect of the Issuer, the principal and interest and the due and punctual delivery of all 
assets on all the Notes and the performance of the Conditions on the part of the Issuer to be 
performed or observed or, in the case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the CGMHI 
Guarantor, all amounts due under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, in respect of 
the Notes and the performance of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee on the part of the CGMHI 
Guarantor to be performed or observed; and 
(ii) 
if the Notes are listed or traded on any stock exchange, each such stock exchange shall have 
confirmed that, following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Notes will continue 
to be listed or traded on such stock exchange.

--- Page 163 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-22 
 
 
For the purposes of the Conditions, Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint 
venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, estate, incorporated organisation or government or 
agency or any political subdivision thereof, and Subsidiary means any Person of which a majority of 
the voting power of the outstanding ownership interests (excluding ownership interests entitled to 
voting power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) shall at the time be owned, directly 
or indirectly, by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, as applicable, and/or one or more relevant 
Subsidiaries.  For this purpose, voting power means power to vote in an ordinary election of directors 
(or, in the case of a Person that is not a corporation, ordinarily to appoint or approve the appointment 
of Persons holding similar positions). 
 
Upon any consolidation with or merger into any other corporation, or any conveyance, transfer or 
lease of the properties and assets of the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor substantially as an entirety in 
accordance with Condition 14(a) above, the successor corporation formed by such consolidation or 
into which the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor is merged or to which such conveyance, transfer or 
lease is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the 
Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor with the same effect as if such successor corporation had been named 
as the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor herein (subject as provided in Condition 15(g)), and thereafter, 
except in the case of a lease, the predecessor corporation shall be relieved of all obligations and 
covenants under the Conditions, the Notes, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant, the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee (in the case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor only) and the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
15. 
Substitution of the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor 
 
Either the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor may, at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders 
substitute for itself any company which is, on the date of such substitution and in the opinion of the 
Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor, as the case may be, of at least the equivalent standing and 
creditworthiness to the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor, as the case may be, (the Substitute), subject 
to: 
(i) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of necessary consents) to ensure that in the case of a substitution of the Issuer, the 
Notes and the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or, in the case of a substitution of the CGMHI 
Guarantor, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, represent legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Substitute having been taken, fulfilled and done, and are in full force and 
effect;  
(ii) 
the Substitute becoming party to the Fiscal Agency Agreement with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to the relevant agreement in 
place of the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor, as the case may be; 
(iii) 
(A) 
the Substitute and the Issuer having obtained legal opinions from independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing in the country of incorporation of the Substitute and 
in England that the obligations of the Substitute in the case of a substitution of the 
Issuer under the Notes and the CGMHI Deed of Covenant, or, in the case of a 
substitution of the CGMHI Guarantor, under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee are legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the Substitute; (b) in the case of the substitution of 
the Issuer (or any substitute thereof), a legal opinion from an independent legal adviser 
in England, that the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee will apply to the Substitute mutatis 
mutandis as it applies to the Issuer prior to the substitution and will constitute legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor, in respect of the Substitute 
(provided that no opinion as referred to in this sub-paragraph (iii) shall be required 
where the Substitute is the CGMHI Guarantor with respect to Notes issued by 
CGMHI); and

--- Page 164 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-23 
 
 
(B) 
all consents and approvals as required have been obtained and that the Substitute and 
the Notes comply with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act; 
(iv) 
such substitution being permitted by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
listed and each such stock exchange confirming that, following the proposed substitution of 
the Substitute, the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(v) 
if appropriate, the Substitute appointing a process agent as its agent in England to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor, as the case may be, giving notice of the date of such 
substitution to the holders in accordance with Condition 13. 
 
Upon such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor, as the 
case may be, shall be deemed to be a reference to the Substitute. 
 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 15(a), the Substitute may, without the consent of any holder, 
effect a further substitution.  All the provisions specified in Condition 15(a) and 15(b) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis, and references in the Conditions to the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor, as the case 
may be, shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further 
Substitute.  For the avoidance of doubt, the CGMHI Guarantor may be a Substitute for the Issuer and 
in such case references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee should be 
construed accordingly. 
 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 15(a) or 15(c), any Substitute may, without the consent of 
any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, CGMHI may (i) be substituted as the Issuer by Citigroup Inc. pursuant to 
this Condition albeit that it is the CGMHI Guarantor or (ii) merge or be consolidated into Citigroup 
Inc. pursuant to Condition 14, albeit that it is the CGMHI Guarantor without, in either case, there being 
any breach of the Conditions which shall be construed accordingly. 
 
For so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange, such stock exchange shall be notified of any 
such consolidation, merger or substitution and the requirements of such stock exchange in respect of 
such consolidation, merger or substitution shall be complied with (including any requirement to 
publish a supplement). 
 
If, pursuant to Condition 14 or Condition 15(a), there is a successor corporation or Substitute of 
CGMHI and the successor corporation or the Substitute of CGMHI, as the case may be, is organised 
and existing under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States (or any jurisdiction substituted 
therefor pursuant to the Conditions), there shall be substituted in Conditions 9(a)(i)and 9(a)(ii) for the 
United States (or such other jurisdiction) and related expressions as determined by the Issuer, the 
jurisdiction under which such successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is organised and 
existing. 
 
Nothing in this Condition 15 shall prohibit the substitution of the CGMHI Guarantor under the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee by another entity as part of any resolution, restructuring, or reorganisation 
of the CGMHI Guarantor upon or following the CGMHI Guarantor becoming subject to any 
receivership, insolvency, liquidation, resolution, or similar proceeding. 
 
On the substitution of any successor corporation or Substitute, amendments may be made to the 
Conditions to reflect the regulatory position of such successor corporation or Substitute, including 
without limitation, to reflect the requirements of Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for

--- Page 165 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-24 
 
 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms or the U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime. 
16. 
Redenomination 
If Redenomination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders, the 
Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents, designate a Redenomination Date, being a date (which in the case 
of interest bearing Notes shall be a date for payment of interest under the Notes) falling on or after the 
date on which the country of the relevant Specified Currency and/or the country of the relevant 
Settlement Currency (as applicable) specified adopts the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance 
with the Treaty. 
With effect from the Redenomination Date, notwithstanding the other provisions of the Conditions 
and in each case as applicable depending on whether such country is in respect of the Specified 
Currency or the Settlement Currency: 
 
the Notes will be deemed to be denominated in such amount of Euro as is equivalent to its 
denomination in the relevant Specified Currency or the amount of principal or interest so 
specified in the relevant Settlement Currency in each case at the Established Rate, rounded 
down to the nearest Euro 0.01; 
 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, other than payments of 
interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, will be made 
solely in Euro as though references in the Notes to the relevant Settlement Currency were to 
Euro.  Payments will be made in Euro by credit or transfer to an account with a bank which 
processes payments in Euro specified by the payee; and 
 
such other changes shall be made to the Conditions as the Issuer may decide, with the 
agreement of Fiscal Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, to conform them to 
conventions then applicable to Notes denominated in Euro including but not limited to where 
the Notes are in global form.  Any such other changes will not take effect until after they have 
been notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
As used in the Conditions: 
Established Rate means the rate for conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance with 
rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union regulations) into Euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty. 
Redenomination Date means (in the case of Instalment Notes or interest-bearing Notes) any date for 
payment of instalments of principal or of interest under the Notes or (in the case of non-interest-bearing 
Notes) any date, in each case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to 
Condition 13 and which falls on or after such date as when the country of the Specified Currency or 
Settlement Currency, as applicable, participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty. 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any other Paying Agent 
will be liable to any Noteholder or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in 
relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding 
effected in connection therewith.

--- Page 166 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-25 
 
 
Determinations by the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent pursuant to this Condition 16 will, in the absence of 
manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Noteholders. 
17. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
 
Governing Law 
The Notes and the Fiscal Agency Agreement are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law.  
Any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes, shall also be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, English law.  
 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes (a Dispute) and all Disputes will be 
submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.  
Each of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and any Noteholders irrevocably submit to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts and each of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and any Noteholders 
taking proceedings in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds 
that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
 
Waiver of any rights to a trial by jury 
EACH NOTEHOLDER HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY 
WAIVES (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW) ANY RIGHTS IT MAY 
HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED THEREON, OR 
ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE NOTES OR ANY OTHER 
RELATED DOCUMENTS, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, 
STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN), OR ACTIONS OF THE NOTEHOLDERS. 
 
Service of Process 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in any 
proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of 
Citibank Europe plc, UK Branch being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately 
appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute and 
shall immediately notify holders of Notes of such appointment in accordance with Condition 13.  The 
Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service.  
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
18. 
Rights of Third Parties 
The Notes confer no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term 
of the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available 
apart from that Act.

--- Page 167 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-26 
 
 
19. 
Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein: 
(i) 
in the event the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor becomes subject to a proceeding under the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Act or Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer Protection Act (each, a U.S. Special Resolution Regime), the transfer of the Notes 
(where the Notes are Covered Instruments) and/or (in the case of Notes which are Covered 
Instruments) the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee (together, the Relevant Agreements) (and the 
transfer of any interest and obligation in or under the Relevant Agreements) from the Issuer 
or the CGMHI Guarantor, as applicable, will be effective to the same extent as the relevant 
transfer would be effective under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Relevant 
Agreements, and any interest and obligation in or under the Relevant Agreements, were 
governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States; and  
(ii) 
in the event the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, or any of their respective affiliates (as such 
term is defined in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 United States Code (U.S.C.) 
1841(k)) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, default 
rights against the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor with respect to the Relevant Agreements 
are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such default rights could be exercised 
under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Relevant Agreements were governed by the 
laws of the United States or a state of the United States.  
For purposes of this paragraph default right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be 
interpreted in accordance with 12 Code of Federal Regulation (C.F.R.) 252.81, 12 C.F.R. 382.1 and 
12 C.F.R. 47.1, as applicable, and Covered Instrument refers to any Note that falls within the 
definition of a "qualified financial contract" as such term is defined in, and as interpreted in accordance 
with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
20. 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below:  
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly 
or indirectly under common control with the First Entity.  For these purposes control means ownership 
of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as a Business Centre in the applicable Issue Terms, a 
TARGET2 Business Day; and 
(c) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Settlement Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Settlement Currency (if other than any 
Business Centre and which if the Settlement Currency is Australian dollars, New Zealand

--- Page 168 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-27 
 
 
dollars or Renminbi shall be Sydney, Auckland, and the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET2 Business Day. 
Calculation Agent means the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and any successor 
calculation agent. 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Euro-zone means the member states of the European Union that are participating in the third stage of 
Economic and Monetary Union. 
Notice Delivery Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the Notice Delivery Business Day Centre specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Registrar on or prior to such due 
date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to 
that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be Hong Kong. 
sub unit means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, one cent. 
TARGET2 Business Day means a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
TARGET2 System means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System.

--- Page 169 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-28 
 
 
SECTION F.2 – SCHEDULES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES

--- Page 170 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-29 
 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Notes are Credit 
Linked Notes and that the provisions of this Schedule apply. 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect of 
Credit Linked Notes where Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Definitions) is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Interpretation 
Any references in these Credit Conditions to ISDA will include any other entity which succeeds to or is 
performing functions previously undertaken by ISDA in relation to Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees and references to Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees in relation to ISDA will include 
any successor thereto and the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to these Credit Conditions and 
the applicable Issue Terms as it determines appropriate to account for the application of these provisions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the application of any of Credit Conditions 2(e) (Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension), 2(f) (Grace Period Extension), 2(g) (Maturity Date Extension) or 2(m) (DC Settlement Suspension) 
below shall not preclude the application of any other such Credit Condition either contemporaneously or 
subsequently and in the event that any such Credit Conditions are inconsistent or the Calculation Agent 
becomes entitled to exercise a discretion under one or more of such Credit Conditions, the Calculation Agent 
may elect in its discretion which Credit Condition shall apply and under which Credit Condition or Credit 
Conditions it shall exercise its discretion. 
1. 
INTEREST PROVISIONS 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, the following shall apply as 
a new Condition 21 of the General Conditions: 
"(21) 
Accrual of Interest. 
Each Credit Linked Note shall cease to bear interest from the expiry of the day preceding the 
day on which it is due for redemption (unless interest is not provided to be payable on such 
redemption under the Conditions) unless, other than in the case of a Note for which LA Interest 
is specified as applicable or Accrual is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms (each a Non-Accruing Note), payment of principal and/or delivery of all assets 
deliverable is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest shall continue to accrue 
on the outstanding principal amount of such Credit Linked Note from (and including) the due 
date for redemption until (but excluding) the earlier of (i) the date on which all amounts due 
in respect of such Credit Linked Note have been paid and/or all assets deliverable in respect 
of such Credit Linked Note have been delivered, and (ii) five days after the date on which the 
full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Credit Linked Note has been received 
by the Fiscal Agent and/or all assets in respect of such Credit Linked Note have been received 
by an agent appointed by the Issuer to deliver such assets to Noteholders and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the General 
Conditions at the Interest Rate applicable in respect of the last occurring Interest Period, 
provided that: 
(i) 
subject as provided in paragraph (ii) below, each Note shall cease to bear interest from 
the Interest Period End Date or, in the case of a Non-Accruing Note, Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Credit Event Determination Date or, in the case of an 
LA Credit Linked Note, Risk Event Determination Date, or if the Credit Event

--- Page 171 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-30 
 
 
Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date (as applicable) is an Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date (as applicable) such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, provided that if the Credit Event Determination Date 
or Risk Event Determination Date (as applicable) falls prior to the first Interest Period 
End Date or Interest Payment Date (as applicable), no interest shall be payable in 
respect of the Notes;  
(ii) 
subject to the provisions of Credit Conditions 2(e), 2(f) and 2(g) below, if DC 
Determinations is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and a Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date occurs during an Interest Period but Conditions to 
Settlement are not satisfied on or prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of such 
Interest Period (unless on or prior to such Interest Payment Date (w) a DC No Credit 
Event Announcement occurs with respect thereto, (x) the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine whether the relevant event 
constitutes a Credit Event with respect to the Reference Entity or Obligation thereof, 
(y) the requisite number of Convened DC Voting Members (as defined in the Rules) 
have not agreed to deliberate the issue within the requisite time period or (z) the 
request the subject of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has been withdrawn 
in accordance with the Rules prior to the first meeting at which deliberations are held 
with respect to such request), no interest will be payable in respect of the Notes on 
that Interest Payment Date, notwithstanding that Conditions to Settlement are not then 
satisfied.  If Conditions to Settlement are not satisfied on or prior to the Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the next Interest Period, the interest that would otherwise 
have been payable on the Interest Payment Date for the earlier Interest Period will be 
payable on the Interest Payment Date for that next Interest Period and interest will 
continue to be payable as provided herein thereafter.  No further or other amount in 
respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in 
respect of such delay; 
(iii) 
if Credit Condition 2(e)(i), 2(f)(i) or 2(g)(I) below applies in respect of the Notes then 
interest will accrue as provided in Credit Condition 2(e), 2(f) or 2(g) below, as the 
case may be; and 
(iv) 
in the case of a Non-Accruing Note redeemed pursuant to Condition 5(b), Condition 
5(e), Condition 5(f) or Condition 9 of the General Conditions, Condition 1.5 of the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule or Credit Condition 2(j) below, interest will 
accrue as provided in Credit Condition 5(b)(v) or Condition 2.1(a)(v) of the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule, as applicable." 
2. 
REDEMPTION PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Condition 5(a) of the General Conditions will be replaced by the following: 
"(a) 
Redemption at Maturity. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with these 
Conditions and subject as provided in Credit Conditions 2(b), 2(c), 2(d) and, in respect 
of LA Credit Linked Notes, Credit Condition 5, each principal amount of Notes equal 
to the Calculation Amount will be redeemed on the Maturity Date by payment of the 
Redemption Amount."

--- Page 172 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-31 
 
 
(b) 
Auction Settlement 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if Auction Settlement is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Settlement Method and Conditions to Settlement 
are satisfied during the Notice Delivery Period (such date of satisfaction, the Credit Event 
Determination Date), the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the General Conditions and redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each 
principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount being redeemed by the Issuer at 
the Credit Event Redemption Amount on the Credit Event Redemption Date, provided that if 
the relevant Conditions to Settlement are subsequently deemed not to have been satisfied in 
accordance with the definition thereof in Credit Condition 7 below, the Credit Event 
Determination Date previously determined shall be deemed not to have occurred and the 
redemption of the Notes shall be cancelled and the Notes shall continue in accordance with 
their terms as if the relevant Conditions to Settlement had not been satisfied, subject to such 
adjustments as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion 
to reflect the retrospective effect of this proviso (including, without limitation, adjusting the 
due date for payment of any amount payable under the Notes).  The Issuer shall give notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the General Conditions that the relevant 
Conditions to Settlement are deemed not to have been satisfied as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
If: 
(i) 
unless settlement has occurred in accordance with the paragraph above, Conditions to 
Settlement are satisfied pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition thereof and, 
subject to Credit Condition 2(m): 
(I) 
on or prior to the Auction Cut-Off Date, ISDA publicly announces that no 
Auction will be held in accordance with any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms in relation to obligations of appropriate seniority of the 
Reference Entity (the date on which ISDA first makes such announcement, 
the No Auction Announcement Date);  
(II) 
on or prior to the Auction Cut-Off Date, no No Auction Announcement Date 
has occurred but the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has not determined that one or more Auctions will be held in accordance with 
any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in relation to obligations of 
appropriate seniority of the Reference Entity; or 
(III) 
on or prior to the Auction Cut-Off Date the Calculation Agent determines that 
it is not reasonably likely that an Auction will be held in accordance with any 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in relation to obligations of 
appropriate seniority of the Reference Entity and gives notice of such to the 
Issuer (the date on which the Calculation Agent gives such notice, the 
Calculation Agent No Auction Determination Date); or  
(IV) 
on or prior to the Auction Final Price Cut-Off Date (if specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms), the Auction Final Price is not determined in 
accordance with the relevant Auction: or  
(ii) 
Conditions to Settlement are satisfied pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition 
thereof (and subject to the rest of the provisions of that definition),

--- Page 173 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-32 
 
 
then: 
(x) 
if Cash Settlement is specified as the applicable Fallback Settlement Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in accordance with Credit 
Condition 2(c) below; or 
(y) 
if Physical Delivery is specified as the applicable Fallback Settlement Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in accordance with Credit 
Condition 2(d) below.  
If Conditions to Settlement are satisfied and the Notes become redeemable in accordance 
with this Credit Condition 2(b), upon payment of the Credit Event Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Notes the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the Notes 
and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The Credit 
Event Redemption Amount may be less than the principal amount of a Note. Any shortfall 
shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Cash Settlement of Credit Linked Notes 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if Cash Settlement is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Settlement Method or if Credit Condition 2(b)(x) 
above applies and, subject to Credit Condition 2(m), Conditions to Settlement are satisfied 
during the Notice Delivery Period (such date of satisfaction, the Credit Event Determination 
Date), the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
General Conditions and redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Notes, each 
principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount being redeemed by 
the Issuer at the Credit Event Redemption Amount on the Credit Event Redemption Date, 
provided that if the relevant Conditions to Settlement are subsequently deemed not to have 
been satisfied in accordance with the definition thereof in Credit Condition 7 below, the Credit 
Event Determination Date previously determined shall be deemed not to have occurred and 
the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes shall be cancelled and the Credit Linked Notes 
shall continue in accordance with their terms as if the relevant Conditions to Settlement had 
not been satisfied, subject to such adjustments as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to reflect the retrospective effect of this proviso 
(including, without limitation, adjusting the due date for payment of any amount payable 
under the Credit Linked Notes). The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 of the General Conditions that the relevant Conditions to Settlement are 
deemed not to have been satisfied as soon as practicable thereafter. 
If Conditions to Settlement are satisfied and the Notes become redeemable in accordance 
with this Credit Condition 2(c), upon payment of the Credit Event Redemption Amount in 
respect of the Notes the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the Notes 
and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The Credit 
Event Redemption Amount may be less than the principal amount of a Note. Any shortfall 
shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Physical Settlement of Credit Linked Notes 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if Physical Delivery is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Settlement Method or if Credit Condition 2(b)(y) 
above applies and, subject to Credit Condition 2(m), Conditions to Settlement are satisfied 
during the Notice Delivery Period (such date of satisfaction, the Credit Event Determination 
Date), the Issuer shall give notice (such notice a Notice of Physical Settlement) to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the General Conditions and redeem all but

--- Page 174 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-33 
 
 
not some only of the Credit Linked Notes, each principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal 
to the Calculation Amount being redeemed by Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
comprising an Asset Amount, subject to and in accordance with Credit Conditions 2(h) and 
2(i) below, provided that if the relevant Conditions to Settlement are subsequently deemed not 
to have been satisfied in accordance with the definition thereof in Credit Condition 7 below, 
the Credit Event Determination Date previously determined shall be deemed not to have 
occurred and the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes shall be cancelled and the Credit 
Linked Notes shall continue in accordance with their terms as if the relevant Conditions to 
Settlement had not been satisfied, subject to such adjustments as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to reflect the retrospective effect of 
this proviso (including, without limitation, adjusting the due date for payment of any amount 
payable under the Credit Linked Notes). The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 of the General Conditions that the relevant Conditions to 
Settlement are deemed not to have been satisfied as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In the Notice of Physical Settlement the Issuer shall specify the Deliverable Obligations 
comprising an Asset Amount that it reasonably expects to Deliver. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer shall be entitled to select any of the Deliverable Obligations to constitute any Asset 
Amount, irrespective of their market value. 
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified 
in a Credit Event Notice or the subject of the DC Resolution resulting in the satisfaction of 
Conditions to Settlement, as applicable, then a Deliverable Obligation may be included in an 
Asset Amount only if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date 
not later than the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. 
If "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is 
specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and Restructuring is the only Credit Event 
specified in a Credit Event Notice or the subject of the DC Resolution resulting in the 
satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement, as applicable, then a Deliverable Obligation may be 
included in an Asset Amount only if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (ii) 
has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date. 
If Conditions to Settlement are satisfied and the Credit Linked Notes become redeemable in 
accordance with this Credit Condition 2(d), upon Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
Deliverable and/or payment of the Cash Settlement Amount, as the case may be, in respect 
of the Notes, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the Notes and 
shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof.  The value of such 
Deliverable Obligations and/or the Cash Settlement Amount may be less than the principal 
amount outstanding of a Note.  Any shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no 
liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
(e) 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Where Repudiation/Moratorium is specified as a Credit Event in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the provisions of this Credit Condition 2(e) shall apply. 
Where Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied or, in the case of LA Credit Linked 
Notes, a Risk Event Determination Date has not occurred, in either case on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date but the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has been 
satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if Credit Condition 2(g)(ii) below 
applies, the Postponed Maturity Date (as defined below) and the Repudiation/Moratorium

--- Page 175 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-34 
 
 
Evaluation Date in respect of such Potential Repudiation Moratorium will in the sole 
determination of the Calculation Agent, fall after the Scheduled Maturity Date, then the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the General 
Conditions that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and: 
(i) 
where (A) a Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or (B) in the case of Notes which are not 
LA Credit Linked Notes, a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date but Conditions to Settlement have not been 
satisfied: 
(I) 
each principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the third Business Day following (x) the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date or, if Credit Condition 2(g)(ii) below applies and if later, (y) 
the Postponed Maturity Date; and 
(II) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged 
to pay interest calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) 
the Interest Period End Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity 
Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or, in the case of Non-Accruing Notes, in respect of 
the Interest Payment Date falling on the Maturity Date but shall only be 
obliged to make such payment of interest on the third Business Day following 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, as the case may be, 
Postponed Maturity Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest 
shall be payable and no additional interest or other amount shall be payable 
in respect of such delay; or 
(ii) 
where 
a 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
has 
occurred 
on 
or 
prior 
to 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date and (x) Conditions to Settlement are 
satisfied in the Notice Delivery Period, the provisions of Credit Conditions 2(b), 2(c) 
or 2(d), as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes or (y) a Risk Event 
Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Credit Conditions 5(c), 5(d) or 
5(e), as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes and in either case the 
provisions of Condition 21 of the General Conditions shall apply for which purposes 
the Credit Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date (as 
applicable) shall be deemed to be the day immediately preceding the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(f) 
Grace Period Extension 
If "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
provisions of this Credit Condition 2(f) shall apply: 
Where Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied or, in the case of LA Credit Linked 
Notes, a Risk Event Determination Date has not occurred, in either case on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date but a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or 
more Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (and such Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at the Scheduled 
Maturity Date), then:

--- Page 176 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-35 
 
 
(i) 
where (A) a Failure to Pay has not occurred as a result of such Potential Failure to 
Pay becoming a Failure to Pay on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date or (B) 
in the case of Notes which are not LA Credit Linked Notes, a Failure to Pay has 
occurred as a result of such Potential Failure to Pay becoming a Failure to Pay on or 
prior to the Grace Period Extension Date but Conditions to Settlement have not been 
satisfied: 
(A) 
each principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the third Business Day (the Delayed Payment Date) following 
the later of the date on which, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Issuer, 
such Potential Failure to Pay is no longer occurring and the Grace Period 
Extension Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged 
to pay interest calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) 
the Interest Period End Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity 
Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or, in the case of Non-Accruing Notes, in respect of 
the Interest Payment Date falling on the Maturity Date but shall only be 
obliged to make such payment of interest on the Delayed Payment Date and 
no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no 
additional interest or other amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; 
or 
(ii) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred as a result of such Potential Failure to Pay on or 
prior to the Grace Period Extension Date in relation to such Potential Failure to Pay 
and (x) the Conditions to Settlement are satisfied in the Notice Delivery Period, the 
provisions of Credit Conditions 2(b), 2(c) or 2(d), as applicable, shall apply to the 
Credit Linked Notes or (y) a Risk Event Determination Date has occurred, the 
provisions of Credit Conditions 5(c), 5(d) or 5(e), as applicable, shall apply to the 
Credit Linked Notes, and in either case the provisions of Condition 21 of the General 
Conditions shall apply for which purposes the Credit Event Determination Date or 
Risk Event Determination Date (as applicable) shall be deemed to be the day 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Maturity Date Extension 
If: 
(i) 
on (A) the Scheduled Maturity Date or, (B) if applicable, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date, or (C) if Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Grace Period Extension Date, as the case may be, 
Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied or, in the case of LA Credit Linked 
Notes, a Risk Event Determination Date has not occurred, but, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, a Credit Event or Risk Event may have occurred; or 
(ii) 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium may have occurred, 
the Calculation Agent may notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
General Conditions that redemption of the Notes has been postponed to a date (such date the 
Postponed Maturity Date) specified in such notice falling 90 calendar days after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or the Grace Period

--- Page 177 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-36 
 
 
Extension Date, as the case may be, or if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Business Day and: 
(I) 
where in the case of Credit Condition 2(g)(i) the Conditions to Settlement are not 
satisfied or a Risk Event Determination Date has not occurred, in either case on or 
prior to the Postponed Maturity Date, or, in the case of Credit Condition 2(g)(ii), the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is not satisfied on or prior to the 
Postponed Maturity Date: 
(A) 
subject as provided below each principal amount of Credit Linked Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer by payment 
of the Redemption Amount on the Postponed Maturity Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged 
to pay interest calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) 
the Interest Period End Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity 
Date (or if none the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or, in the case of Non-Accruing Notes, in respect of 
the Interest Payment Date falling on the Maturity Date but shall only be 
obliged to make such payment of interest on the Postponed Maturity Date and 
no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no 
additional interest or other amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; 
or 
(II) 
where: 
(A) 
in the case of Credit Condition 2(g)(i) Conditions to Settlement are satisfied 
or a Risk Event Determination Date has occurred, in either case on or prior to 
the Postponed Maturity Date, the provisions of Credit Conditions 2(b), 2(c), 
2(d), 5(c), 5(d) or 5(e) as applicable shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes 
and in either case the provisions of Condition 21 of the General Conditions 
shall apply for which purposes the Credit Event Determination Date or Risk 
Event Determination Date (as applicable) shall be deemed to be the day 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(B) 
in the case of Credit Condition 2(g)(ii) the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Condition is satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date, 
the provisions of Credit Condition 2(e) shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes. 
(h) 
Physical Delivery 
(i) 
If any Credit Linked Note is to be redeemed by Delivery of an Asset Amount, in order 
to obtain Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Asset Amount(s) in 
respect of any Credit Linked Note: 
(I) 
if such Credit Linked Note is represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate, the relevant Noteholder must deliver a duly completed Asset 
Transfer Notice (as defined below) (x) in respect of Notes cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent or (y) in 
respect of Notes cleared through DTC, to the Fiscal Agent, not later than the 
close of business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms; and

--- Page 178 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-37 
 
 
(II) 
if such Credit Linked Note is in definitive form, the relevant Noteholder must 
deliver to the Registrar or any Paying Agent, in each case with a copy to the 
Issuer, not later than the close of business in each place of reception on the 
Cut-Off Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a duly completed Asset 
Transfer Notice. 
Forms of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours 
from the specified office of any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered, if such Credit Linked Note is 
represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, in such manner as is acceptable 
to the Relevant Clearing System, or if such Credit Linked Note is in definitive form, 
in writing or by tested telex. 
If the Credit Linked Note is in definitive form, such Credit Linked Note must be 
delivered together with the duly completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
An Asset Transfer Notice must: 
(A) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the relevant 
Noteholder, the person from whom the Issuer may obtain details for the 
Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Asset Amount(s) and 
any details required for Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising 
the Asset Amount(s) set out in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(B) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate, specify the Series number and principal amount of Credit Linked 
Notes which are the subject of such notice and the number of the Noteholder's 
account at the Relevant Clearing System, to be debited with such Credit 
Linked Notes and irrevocably instruct and authorise the Relevant Clearing 
System, to debit the relevant Noteholder's account with such Credit Linked 
Notes on or before the Settlement Date; 
(C) 
include an undertaking to pay all Delivery Expenses and, in the case of Credit 
Linked Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, an 
authority to debit a specified account of the Noteholder at the Relevant 
Clearing System, in respect thereof and to pay such Delivery Expenses; 
(D) 
specify an account to which any amounts payable pursuant to Credit 
Condition 2(i) or any other cash amounts specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as being payable are to be paid;  
(E) 
certify either (i) in respect of Notes represented by a Regulation S Global 
Registered Note Certificate, that the beneficial owner of each Note the subject 
of the relevant Asset Transfer Notice is not a U.S. person (as defined in the 
Asset Transfer Notice), the Note is not being redeemed within the United 
States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property 
have been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any redemption 
thereof or (ii) in respect of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Registered Note Certificate, that the beneficial owner of each Note the subject 
of the relevant Asset Transfer Notice is a QIB; and

--- Page 179 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-38 
 
 
(F) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the Relevant 
Clearing System, the Registrar or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, as provided 
above.  After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Noteholder may not 
transfer the Credit Linked Notes which are the subject of such notice. 
Upon receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice, (x) in respect of Notes cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Relevant Clearing System or (y) in 
respect of Notes cleared through DTC, the Fiscal Agent shall verify that the person 
specified therein as the accountholder is the holder of the Notes described therein 
according to its records.  Subject thereto, in respect of Notes cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Relevant Clearing System will confirm 
to the Fiscal Agent the Series number and principal amount of Notes the subject of 
such notice, the relevant account details and the details for the delivery of the Asset 
Amount(s) in respect of each Note the subject of such notice.  Upon receipt of such 
confirmation or, in respect of Notes cleared through DTC, upon receipt of an Asset 
Transfer Notice, the Fiscal Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. 
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice is duly completed and in 
proper form shall be made (x) in respect of Notes cleared through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, by the Relevant Clearing System in consultation with the 
Fiscal Agent and the Issuer or (y) in respect of Notes cleared through DTC, by the 
Fiscal Agent, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and 
the relevant Noteholder.  Subject as set out below, any Asset Transfer Notice so 
determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or, in respect of Notes cleared 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, which is not copied to the Fiscal 
Agent immediately after being delivered or sent to the Relevant Clearing System, as 
provided above, shall be null and void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of (x) in 
respect of Notes cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Relevant 
Clearing System in consultation with the Fiscal Agent or (y) in respect of Notes 
cleared through DTC, the Fiscal Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Asset Transfer 
Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered (x) in respect of Notes 
cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg to the Relevant Clearing 
System and the Fiscal Agent or (y) in respect of Notes cleared through DTC, to the 
Fiscal Agent. 
The Fiscal Agent shall use reasonable endeavours promptly to notify the Noteholder 
submitting an Asset Transfer Notice if it has been determined, as provided above, that 
such Asset Transfer Notice is incomplete or not in proper form.  In the absence of 
negligence or wilful default on its part, none of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the 
Paying Agents, the Agents, the Calculation Agent and the Relevant Clearing System 
shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken 
by it in connection with such determination or the notification of such determination 
to a Noteholder.

--- Page 180 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-39 
 
 
Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Asset Amount in respect of 
each Credit Linked Note shall be made at the risk of the relevant Noteholder in such 
commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent shall in its sole discretion 
determine and notify to the person designated by the Noteholder in the relevant Asset 
Transfer Notice or in such manner as is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
If a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein on or prior 
to the Cut-Off Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer, will, subject 
as provided above, Deliver the Deliverable Obligations constituting Asset Amount(s) 
in respect of the relevant Credit Linked Notes as soon as practicable after the receipt 
of the duly completed Asset Transfer Notice, provided that if, in respect of a Credit 
Linked Note, a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice prior to the day 
falling 180 calendar days after the Cut-Off Date, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of 
such Credit Linked Notes shall be discharged and the Issuer shall have no liability in 
respect thereof. 
Where the Issuer has an obligation to deliver any asset, including the Deliverable 
Obligations comprising the Asset Amount, to a Noteholder, the Issuer may (i) deliver 
the relevant asset to an Affiliate of the Issuer (an Intermediary) and (ii) procure that 
the relevant Intermediary deliver the relevant asset to the Noteholder. Delivery by the 
Intermediary of the relevant asset to the Noteholder’s specified account shall 
discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Note. 
(ii) 
If any Credit Linked Note represented by a Rule 144A Global Registered Note 
Certificate is to be redeemed by Delivery of Asset Amount(s), the relevant provisions 
relating to such Delivery shall be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(iii) 
All Delivery Expenses arising from the Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Asset Amount(s) in respect of such Credit Linked Notes shall be for 
the account of the relevant Noteholder and no Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Asset Amount(s) shall be made until all Delivery Expenses have been 
paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer by the relevant Noteholder. 
(iv) 
After Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Asset Amount and for 
the Intervening Period, none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any other person 
shall at any time (A) be under any obligation to deliver, or procure delivery, to any 
Noteholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, except as 
provided herein, payment whatsoever received by that person in respect of the 
securities or obligations included in such Asset Amount, (B) be under any obligation 
to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights attaching to such securities or 
obligations included in such Asset Amount or (C) be under any liability to a 
Noteholder in respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder may sustain or 
suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being registered during 
such Intervening Period as legal owner of such securities or obligations included in 
such Asset Amount. 
(v) 
In relation to each Deliverable Obligation constituting an Asset Amount the Issuer 
will Deliver or procure the Delivery of the relevant Deliverable Obligation as 
provided below on the Settlement Date, provided that if all or some of the Deliverable 
Obligations included in such Asset Amount are Undeliverable Obligations and/or 
Hedge Disruption Obligations, then the Issuer shall continue to attempt to Deliver all 
or a portion of such Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as

--- Page 181 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-40 
 
 
the case may be, on or prior to the 30th Business Day following the Settlement Date 
(the Final Delivery Date), 
provided further that if all or a portion of such Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption 
Obligations, as the case may be, are not Delivered by the Final Delivery Date the provisions 
of Credit Condition 2(i) shall apply. 
References in these Credit Conditions to Hedge Disruption Obligations shall be 
disregarded in relation to the Credit Linked Notes if the applicable Issue Terms specified 
"Hedge Disruption Event" as Not Applicable. 
(i) 
Partial Cash Settlement 
If all or a portion of the Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligations 
comprising an Asset Amount are not Delivered by the Final Delivery Date, the Issuer shall 
give notice (a Cash Settlement Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
of the General Conditions and the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Undeliverable Obligation 
or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, the Cash Settlement Amount on the Cash 
Settlement Date. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, for the purposes of this 
Credit Condition 2(i) the following terms shall be defined as follows: 
Cash Settlement Amount means, for each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
greater of (i) (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance, the Due and Payable Amount or the 
Currency Amount, as applicable, of each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligations, as the case may be, multiplied by (B) the Final Price (determined on the basis 
that Reference Obligation Final Price is deemed to be specified in the applicable Issue Terms) 
with respect to such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case 
may be, less (C) Unwind Costs, if any (but excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into 
account in calculating the relevant Asset Amount), and (ii) zero. 
Cash Settlement Date means, subject to Credit Condition 2(m), the date falling three 
Business Days after the calculation of the Final Price. 
Indicative Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably 
practicable) an amount of the Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as 
the case may be, equal to the Quotation Amount, which reflects such Quotation Dealer's 
reasonable assessment of the price of such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, based on such factors as such Quotation Dealer may consider 
relevant, which may include historical prices and recovery rates. 
Market Value means, with respect to an Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, on a Valuation Date, (i) if more than three Full Quotations are 
obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations 
having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the 
same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be 
disregarded); (ii) if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotations remaining 
after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest 
Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (iii) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the 
arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; (iv) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained

--- Page 182 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-41 
 
 
and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; (v) if 
Indicative Quotations are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and exactly 
three Indicative Quotations are obtained, the Indicative Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Indicative Quotations (and, if more than one such 
Indicative Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Indicative Quotations shall be disregarded); (vi) if fewer than two Full Quotations are 
obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained (and, if Indicative Quotations are 
applicable, fewer than three Indicative Quotations are obtained) then, subject to paragraph (ii) 
of the definition of "Quotation" below, an amount as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average 
Quotation or, if applicable, three Indicative Quotations are obtained; and (vii) if fewer than 
two Full Quotations are obtained, no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained (and, if 
Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer than three Indicative Quotations are obtained) on 
the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable 
Valuation Date, the Market Value shall be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation 
Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, 
the weighted average of any firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) for the 
Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, obtained 
from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with respect to the 
aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a 
quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm 
quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) were not obtained on such day. 
Quotation means each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation and, if Indicative 
Quotations are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, each Indicative Quotation 
obtained and expressed as a percentage with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that 
follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers.  If the Calculation Agent is 
unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within 
three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day 
(and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day 
following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain 
Full Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers, and, if two or more Full 
Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation.  If two or more such 
Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not available on any such 
Business Day and Indicative Quotations are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain three Indicative Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation (or, if Indicative Quotations are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, three Indicative Quotations) on the same Business Day on or 
prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date, the 
Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation 
Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is 
obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative 
Quotations) for the Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the 
case may be, obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for 
which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the 
balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations (or, if applicable, 
Indicative Quotations) were not obtained on such day.

--- Page 183 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-42 
 
 
(iii) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market practice in 
the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption 
Obligations, as the case may be, whether such Quotations shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest.  All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with this 
specification or determination. 
(iv) 
If any Quotation obtained with respect to an Accreting Obligation is expressed as a 
percentage of the amount payable in respect of such obligation at maturity, such 
Quotation will instead be expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance for purposes of determining the Final Price. 
Quotation Amount means, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation or 
Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, an amount equal to the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being 
obtained), as applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, 
as the case may be. 
Quotation Method means Bid. 
Reference Obligation means each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligations, as the case may be. 
Valuation Method means Highest unless fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained or a 
Weighted Average Quotation applies (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations), in which case 
"Valuation Method" is deemed to be Market. 
Valuation Time is the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or, if no time is 
so specified, 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Undeliverable Obligation or 
Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be. 
Weighted Average Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the 
weighted average of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, 
to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Undeliverable Obligation or 
Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance of 
as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount that in aggregate are 
approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
(j) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes following a Merger Event 
If this Credit Condition 2(j) is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in the 
event that in the determination of the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred, the 
Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the General 
Conditions and redeem the Credit Linked Notes at the Early Redemption Amount on the 
Merger Event Redemption Date. 
(k) 
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event 
If this Credit Condition 2(k) is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions, upon the occurrence 
of a Restructuring Credit Event during the Notice Delivery Period or Risk Event 
Determination Period, as applicable:

--- Page 184 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-43 
 
 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver a Credit Event Notice or the Issuer may deliver a 
Risk Event Notice, as applicable, in respect of an amount (the Partial Redemption 
Amount) that is less than the principal amount outstanding of each Credit Linked 
Note immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice or Risk Event 
Notice.  In such circumstances the provisions of these Credit Conditions shall be 
deemed to apply to the Partial Redemption Amount only and each such Credit Linked 
Note shall be redeemed in part (such redeemed part being equal to the Partial 
Redemption Amount). 
(ii) 
For the avoidance of doubt (A) the principal amount of each such Credit Linked Note 
not so redeemed in part shall remain outstanding and interest shall be payable in 
respect of the principal amount outstanding of such Credit Linked Note as provided 
herein or in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule as applicable (adjusted in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines to be 
appropriate), (B) the provisions of these Credit Conditions shall apply to such 
principal amount outstanding of such Credit Linked Note in the event that subsequent 
Credit Event Notices or Risk Event Notices are delivered in respect of the Reference 
Entity that was the subject of the Restructuring Credit Event and (C) further Credit 
Event Notices or Risk Event Notices may be delivered in respect of the Reference 
Entity that was the subject of the Restructuring Credit Event.  The Issuer may also 
instruct the Calculation Agent to determine what other adjustments should be made 
to these Terms and Conditions to reflect such partial redemption. Notice of such 
adjustments shall be given to the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 13 of the General 
Conditions. 
(iii) 
If the provisions of this Credit Condition 2(k) apply in respect of the Credit Linked 
Notes, on redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note the relevant Note or, if 
the Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, such 
Global Registered Note Certificate, shall be endorsed to reflect such partial 
redemption. 
(l) 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation 
If this Credit Condition 2(l) is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of Restructuring and related 
provisions, the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described 
in sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of the definition of Restructuring shall not be a Restructuring 
unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which 
constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not 
Affiliates of each other and (ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to 
sixty-six and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring 
Credit Event provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the 
requirement in this sub-paragraph (ii). 
(m) 
DC Settlement Suspension 
If DC Settlement Suspension is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms then 
following the determination of a Credit Event Determination Date following the satisfaction 
of sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Conditions to Settlement but prior to the Settlement 
Date or, to the extent applicable, a Valuation Date, ISDA publicly announces that the 
conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve the

--- Page 185 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-44 
 
 
matters described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date are satisfied in accordance with the Rules, the timing requirements set out in the 
definition of Notice Delivery Period, the definition of Credit Event Redemption Date, the 
definition of Valuation Date, Credit Condition 2(b), Credit Condition 2(c), Credit Condition 
2(d) and the definition of Settlement Date, as applicable, or any other Credit Condition that 
pertains to settlement, shall toll and remain suspended until such time as ISDA subsequently 
publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved (i) the matters described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date, provided that, unless the relevant DC Resolutions are Non-
Applicable Credit Event Resolutions, the relevant DC Resolutions are not that the relevant 
event does not constitute a Credit Event with respect to the relevant Reference Entity or 
Obligation thereof or (ii) not to determine such matters (the announcement of either (i) or (ii), 
a Suspension End Announcement). During such suspension period, the Issuer and the 
Noteholders are not obliged to, nor are they entitled to, take any action in connection with the 
settlement of the Notes. Once the relevant Suspension End Announcement has occurred, the 
relevant timing requirements of these Credit Conditions, the definition of Notice Delivery 
Period, the definition of Credit Event Redemption Date, the definition of Valuation Date, 
Credit Condition 2(b), Credit Condition 2(c), Credit Condition 2(d) and the definition of 
Settlement Date, as applicable, or any other Credit Condition that pertains to settlement that 
have previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the Business Day following such 
public announcement by ISDA with the parties having the benefit of the full day 
notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began in accordance with this Credit 
Condition 2(m). 
3. 
FIRST TO DEFAULT NOTES 
If First to Default Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following shall 
apply:  
(a) 
The Credit Linked Notes will reference a basket of Reference Entities but, subject as provided 
in Credit Condition 2(k) (if applicable and for the avoidance of doubt only in relation to the 
Reference Entity which was the subject of the relevant Restructuring Credit Event), either (i) 
the Conditions to Settlement may only be satisfied on one occasion and consequently, if DC 
Determinations is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms subject as provided in 
the definition of Conditions to Settlement in Credit Condition 7, a Credit Event Notice may 
only be delivered on one occasion or (ii) a Risk Event Notice may only be delivered on one 
occasion (as applicable). If Conditions to Settlement are satisfied or Risk Event Notices are 
delivered in respect of more than one Reference Entity on the same date, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion which Reference Entity is the Reference 
Entity in respect of which Conditions to Settlement are satisfied or the Risk Event Notice is 
effectively delivered; and 
(b) 
the following shall be inserted after the paragraph commencing "In the case of (b) above" in 
the definition of Successor in Credit Condition 7:  
"Notwithstanding the provisions above and sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Reference 
Entity, where one or more Reference Entities (each an Affected Reference Entity) and/or the 
Issuer would, but for this provision, be identified as a Successor pursuant thereto and at least 
one other entity which is not a Reference Entity or the Issuer is also identified as a Successor 
in respect of the relevant Succession Event, each Affected Reference Entity and/or the Issuer, 
as applicable, shall not be regarded as a "Successor" for the purposes of the Notes. Where 
pursuant to the provisions above or sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Reference Entity 
one or more Reference Entities (each an Affected Reference Entity) and/or the Issuer would, 
but for this provision, be identified as a Successor pursuant thereto but no other entities which

--- Page 186 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-45 
 
 
are not Reference Entities or the Issuer are identified as a Successor in respect of the relevant 
Succession Event, each Affected Reference Entity and/or the Issuer, as applicable, shall not 
be regarded as a "Successor" for the purposes of the Notes and, in respect of each Affected 
Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, the Calculation Agent shall use reasonable 
endeavours to (a) select an Alternative Reference Entity to be the Successor in respect of the 
relevant Succession Event and (b) select an Alternative Reference Obligation to be the 
Reference Obligation in respect of such Alternative Reference Entity after the relevant 
Succession Event. If the Calculation Agent is unable to select an Alternative Reference Entity 
or an Alternative Reference Obligation, no Successor shall be appointed, the Reference Entity 
to which the relevant Succession Event relates shall be deemed to have ceased to be a 
Reference Entity and that portion of the interest payable or, if the Notes are non-interest-
bearing Notes, the portion of the Redemption Amount which is referable to the purchase of 
credit protection purchased by the Issuer under the Notes shall be reduced accordingly as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, in each case with 
effect from the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the date on which the relevant 
Succession Event was effective. 
Where:  
Alternative Reference Entity means an entity which satisfies both the Industry Requirement 
and the Spread Requirement as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion; 
Alternative Reference Obligation means any obligation of the Alternative Reference Entity 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion which, as far as 
practicable, in the determination of the Calculation Agent is substantially similar in economic 
terms to the relevant Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity to which the Succession 
Event relates; 
Industry Requirement means an entity that is in the same industry group specified by 
Moody’s Investor Service, Inc. or any successor to the rating business thereof or Standard & 
Poor’s Rating Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. or any successor to 
the rating business thereof as the Reference Entity to which the relevant Succession Event 
relates, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; 
Spread means the bid-side quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent from such leading 
dealer in the credit default swap market selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion for a credit default swap in respect of the relevant entity with a credit 
protection period commencing on the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the date 
of the relevant Succession Event and ending on the Scheduled Maturity Date and with the 
Reference Obligation(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
Spread Requirement means an entity that, as at the date of selection, has a Spread not greater 
than the product of (a) the Spread Requirement Percentage specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and (b) the Spread of the Reference Entity to which the relevant Succession Event 
relates, immediately prior to the relevant Succession Event as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.". 
4. 
CALCULATION AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT NOTICES 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, 
event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or 
permitted to be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Notes shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders. Whenever

--- Page 187 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-46 
 
 
the Calculation Agent is required to make any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of 
construction and legal interpretation. Unless otherwise provided herein, in performing its duties 
pursuant to the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall act in its sole and absolute discretion. Any delay, 
deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its 
obligations or its discretion under the Notes including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by 
it to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of 
such obligation or discretion, and neither the Calculation Agent nor the Issuer shall, in the absence of 
wilful default and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or consequent upon, any such 
delay, deferral or forbearance. 
In relation to the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of any notice pursuant to this Credit 
Condition 4, a notice delivered on or prior to 4:00 p.m. (Calculation Agent City time) on a Calculation 
Agent City Business Day will be effective on such Calculation Agent City Business Day.  A notice 
delivered after 4:00 p.m. (Calculation Agent City time) on a Calculation Agent City Business Day or 
on a day which is not a Calculation Agent City Business Day will be deemed effective on the next 
following Calculation Agent City Business Day, regardless of the form in which it is delivered.  For 
purposes of the two preceding sentences, a notice given by telephone will be deemed to have been 
delivered at the time the telephone conversation takes place.  If the notice is delivered by telephone, a 
written confirmation will be executed and delivered confirming the substance of that notice within one 
Calculation Agent City Business Day of that notice.  Failure to provide that written confirmation will 
not affect the effectiveness of that telephonic notice. 
5. 
LA CREDIT LINKED PROVISIONS 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Notes are LA Credit Linked Notes and that the provisions 
of this Schedule apply, the following provisions shall apply, and to the extent that there is any conflict 
been such provisions and the provisions of Credit Conditions 1 to 4 above, this Credit Condition 5 
shall govern:  
(a) 
LA Redemption at Maturity  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with these Conditions 
and subject as provided in Credit Conditions 5(c), 5(d), 5(e), 5(f) and 5(g) each principal 
amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount of the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date by payment of the LA Final Redemption Amount. 
(b) 
LA Interest 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 21 of the General Conditions and Credit Condition 5(f) 
and Credit Condition 5(i) (if applicable) and notwithstanding Condition 4 of the General 
Conditions, if LA Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
the Issuer will pay the LA Interest Amount specified for the relevant Interest Payment 
Date in the Settlement Currency;   
(ii) 
for these purposes, the Interest Amount will be the LA Interest Amount specified in 
respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(iii) 
Condition 5(e) of the General Conditions will be amended by the deletion of the words 
"together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date" therein;

--- Page 188 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-47 
 
 
(iv) 
Condition 5(f) of the General Conditions will be amended by the deletion of the words 
"together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date" therein; and 
(v) 
for the avoidance of doubt, if the Notes are redeemed pursuant to Condition 5(b), 
Condition 5(e), Condition 5(f) or Condition 9 of the General Conditions, Condition 
1.5 of the Valuation and Settlement Schedule or Credit Condition 2(j) above, no 
interest will be payable in respect of which the relevant Interest Payment Date has not 
occurred on or prior to the date fixed for such redemption, Provided That if the date 
fixed for such redemption falls prior to the first Interest Payment Date, no interest 
shall be payable in respect of the Notes. 
(c) 
LA Physical Settlement 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if LA Physical Settlement is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if, at any time during the Risk Event 
Determination Period, the Calculation Agent determines that a Risk Event has occurred or 
exists during the Risk Event Determination Period, then the Issuer shall (on the basis of the 
Calculation Agent’s determination) give notice (a Risk Event Notice) to the Noteholder(s) (i) 
declaring that a Risk Event has occurred or exists; and (ii) giving details of such Risk Event.  
References in these Credit Conditions to "Credit Event Notice" shall be deemed to include 
"Risk Event Notice" where the context so admits. 
Subject to Credit Condition 5(f) and Credit Condition 5(i) (if applicable) and following the 
effective delivery of a Risk Event Notice, on or before the LA Physical Settlement Date, the 
Issuer shall, in full satisfaction of all its obligation(s) in respect of the Note(s), redeem the 
Note(s) by delivery to each Noteholder of a principal amount of LA Settlement Assets, equal 
to the Applicable Principal Currency Amount, pro rated amongst each principal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, less Unwind Costs (rounded down to the nearest 
integral authorised denomination of the LA Settlement Assets), provided that if in the 
determination of the Issuer: 
(i) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be impossible, 
illegal or in breach of any restriction (whether regulatory, fiduciary or contractual) to 
obtain, hold or deliver some or all of the LA Settlement Assets (including any such 
LA Settlement Assets held by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate) to the 
Noteholder(s), including circumstances in which a Market Disruption Event is 
subsisting; and/or 
(ii) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be impracticable 
(whether on grounds of illiquidity or otherwise) and/or it is not commercially 
reasonable for the Issuer to obtain, hold or deliver some or all of the LA Settlement 
Assets (including any such LA Settlement Assets held by or on behalf of the Issuer 
and/or any Affiliate) to the Noteholder(s); and/or 
(iii) 
due to circumstances within the control of the Noteholder(s), including the 
Noteholder(s) not having opened or notified the Issuer of its specified account or 
given any required certifications, the Issuer is unable to arrange, or conditions are not 
fulfilled, for the delivery of some or all of the LA Settlement Assets, 
and such circumstances continue up to and including the LA Physical Settlement Date, then 
the Issuer shall have no further delivery obligations hereunder to the Noteholder(s) with 
respect to those LA Settlement Assets which are affected by such circumstances described in 
(i), (ii) and/or (iii) above (the Undeliverable Assets) and the Issuer shall, in respect of the

--- Page 189 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-48 
 
 
Undeliverable Assets in respect of any Note held by a Noteholder, pay to the specified account 
of that Noteholder on the LA Cash Payment Date the Undeliverable LA Redemption Amount. 
Where the Issuer has an obligation to deliver any asset, including Reference Assets, to a 
Noteholder, the Issuer may (i) deliver the relevant asset to an Affiliate of the Issuer (an 
Intermediary) and (ii) procure that the relevant Intermediary deliver the relevant asset to the 
Noteholder. Delivery by the Intermediary of the relevant asset to the Noteholder’s specified 
account shall discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Note. 
(d) 
LA Cash Settlement 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if LA Cash Settlement is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if, at any time during the Risk Event 
Determination Period, the Calculation Agent determines that a Risk Event has occurred or 
exists during the Risk Event Determination Period, then the Issuer shall (on the basis of the 
Calculation Agent’s determination) give notice (a Risk Event Notice) to the Noteholder(s) (i) 
declaring that a Risk Event has occurred or exists; and (ii) giving details of such Risk Event. 
References in these Credit Conditions to "Credit Event Notice" shall be deemed to include 
"Risk Event Notice" where the context so admits. 
Subject to Credit Condition 5(f) and Credit Condition 5(i) (if applicable) below and following 
the effective delivery of a Risk Event Notice, on or before the LA Cash Payment Date, the 
Issuer shall, in full satisfaction of all its obligation(s) in respect of the Note(s), redeem all but 
not some only of the Credit Linked Notes, each principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal 
to the Calculation Amount being redeemed by the Issuer at the relevant LA Redemption 
Amount on the LA Cash Payment Date. 
(e) 
LA Zero Recovery 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if LA Zero Recovery is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if, at any time during the Risk Event 
Determination Period, the Calculation Agent determines that a Risk Event has occurred or 
exists during the Risk Event Determination Period, then the Issuer shall (on the basis of the 
Calculation Agent’s determination) give notice (a Risk Event Notice) to the Noteholder(s) (i) 
declaring that a Risk Event has occurred or exists; and (ii) giving details of such Risk Event. 
Following the effective delivery of a Risk Event Notice, the Notes will be cancelled forthwith 
and the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes will be immediately discharged and the 
Issuer shall have no liability in respect thereof.  In such circumstances no amounts will be 
payable or assets deliverable to the Noteholder(s). 
(f) 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior to the latest of the Maturity Date, 
the LA Physical Settlement Date and the LA Cash Payment Date, if applicable, that a 
Regulatory Change Event has occurred or exists, then any payment due to the Noteholder(s), 
or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be delivered to the Noteholder(s), shall be reduced by 
an amount in the currency of such payment or an amount of LA Settlement Assets (rounded 
down to the nearest integral authorised denomination of the LA Settlement Assets), as the case 
may be, that is equal in value to the allocable proportion of the Regulatory Change Cost, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 190 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-49 
 
 
(g) 
Postponement for Potential Risk Event 
If Potential Risk Event Postponement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and if, on the Maturity Date or, if the Notes are interest bearing, on any Interest Payment Date, 
or, if the Notes are Instalment Notes, on any Instalment Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Risk Event may exist or may have occurred at any time during the Risk 
Event Determination Period (but the Issuer has not provided a Risk Event Notice in respect 
thereof), the Issuer shall not pay the Redemption Amount and/or the relevant Interest Amount 
and/or the relevant Instalment Amount (as applicable), until the earlier of (i) the date on which 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Risk Event has not so occurred or existed; and (ii) the 
date which is 30 calendar days after the Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date or 
relevant Instalment Date (as applicable), as the case may be, (the LA Cut-Off Date), provided 
that if the Calculation Agent determines, on or before the LA Cut-Off Date, that a Risk Event 
occurred or existed during the Risk Event Determination Period and the Issuer gives notice to 
the Noteholder(s) declaring that a Risk Event had so occurred or existed, then the Issuer's 
obligations under the Note(s) shall be as set out in (x) if LA Physical Settlement is applicable, 
Credit Condition 5(c) above save that the LA Physical Settlement Date shall be deemed to be 
the date which is 30 calendar days following the LA Cut-Off Date or (y) if LA Cash Settlement 
is applicable,  Credit Condition 5(d) above save that the LA Cash Payment Date shall be 
deemed to be the date which is 5 calendar days following the LA Cut-off Date or (z) if LA 
Zero Recovery is applicable, Credit Condition 5(e) above. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each of Credit Condition 2(e), 2(f), 2(g) and/or this Credit 
Condition 5(g) may apply to the Notes as the context so admits, provided that the Notes will 
not be redeemed pursuant to any such Credit Condition other than for a Risk Event whilst the 
provisions of any such other Credit Condition also still apply. 
(h) 
Purchase and Cancellation and Further Issues 
(i) 
The terms of the Notes set out herein and in the applicable Issue Terms are stated on 
the basis of the aggregate principal amount of Notes issued on the Issue Date.  Where 
pursuant to Condition 5(g) of the General Conditions some but not all of the Notes 
are cancelled, the Calculation Agent may adjust such of these provisions, as it 
determines to be appropriate acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, to preserve for the Noteholders the economic equivalent of the payment 
and/or delivery obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes after the cancellation 
of such Notes. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment(s), the Issuer shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
General Conditions stating the relevant adjustments. 
(ii) 
Condition 12 of the General Conditions shall not apply to the Notes. 
(i) 
Tax Deduction Event 
Unless "Tax Deduction Event" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and 
without duplication to Credit Condition 5(f) above, if the Calculation Agent determines at any 
time on or prior to the latest of the Maturity Date, the LA Physical Settlement Date and the 
LA Cash Payment Date, if applicable, that there would be a Tax Deduction Amount in respect 
of any payment in respect of the Reference Investor Assets, then any payment(s) due to the 
Noteholder(s), or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be delivered to the Noteholder(s) 
(rounded down to the nearest integral authorised denomination of the LA Settlement Assets),

--- Page 191 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-50 
 
 
shall be reduced by an amount that in aggregate is equal in value to the allocable proportion 
of such Tax Deduction Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
6. 
ADDITIONAL DISCLAIMERS 
None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the Dealer, nor any of their Affiliates or agents, will be 
obligated to hold any LA Settlement Assets or pursue any remedies they may have with respect thereto 
(even if the Issuer, CGMHI Guarantor, Dealer or any of their Affiliates or agents transfers LA 
Settlement Assets to the Noteholder(s) or refers to their market value in connection with the 
satisfaction of the Issuer’s obligations following the declaration of a Risk Event as described above). 
7. 
DEFINITIONS APPLICABLE TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
Accreted Amount means, with respect to an Accreting Obligation, an amount equal to (i) the sum of 
(A) the original issue price of such obligation and (B) the portion of the amount payable at maturity 
that has accreted in accordance with the terms of the obligation (or as otherwise described below), less 
(ii) any cash payments made by the obligor thereunder that, under the terms of such obligation, reduce 
the amount payable at maturity (unless such cash payments have been accounted for in sub-paragraph 
(i)(B) above), in each case calculated as of the earlier of (x) the date on which any event occurs that 
has the effect of fixing the amount of a claim in respect of principal and (y) the Delivery Date or 
applicable Valuation Date (or as applicable) LA Valuation Date, as the case may be.  Such Accreted 
Amount shall include any accrued and unpaid periodic cash interest payments (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) only if "Include Accrued Interest" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms.  If an Accreting Obligation is expressed to accrete pursuant 
to a straight-line method or if such Obligation's yield to maturity is not specified in, nor implied from, 
the terms of such Obligation, then, for the purposes of sub-paragraph (i)(B) above, the Accreted 
Amount shall be calculated using a rate equal to the yield to maturity of such Obligation.  Such yield 
shall be determined on a semi-annual bond equivalent basis using the original issue price of such 
obligation and the amount payable at the scheduled maturity of such obligation, and shall be 
determined as of the earlier of (x) the date on which any event occurs that has the effect of fixing the 
amount of a claim in respect of principal and (y) the Delivery Date or relevant Valuation Date or (as 
applicable) LA Valuation Date, as the case may be.  The Accreted Amount shall exclude, in the case 
of an Exchangeable Obligation, any amount that may be payable under the terms of such obligation in 
respect of the value of the Equity Securities for which such obligation is exchangeable. 
Accreting Obligation means any obligation (including, without limitation, a Convertible Obligation 
or an Exchangeable Obligation), the terms of which expressly provide for an amount payable upon 
acceleration equal to the original issue price (whether or not equal to the face amount thereof) plus an 
additional amount or amounts (on account of original issue discount or other accruals of interest or 
principal not payable on a periodic basis) that will or may accrete, whether or not (i) payment of such 
additional amounts is subject to a contingency or determined by reference to a formula or index, or 
(ii) periodic cash interest is also payable. 
Additional Risk Event means, if specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the occurrence or 
existence of any of: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event;  
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event; or 
(d) 
an Underlying RMB Currency Event.

--- Page 192 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-51 
 
 
Additional Risk Event Start Date means either the Trade Date or the Issue Date, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Affiliate means, in respect of any designated person, any person that directly or indirectly controls or 
is controlled by or is under common control with such designated person.  For the purposes of this 
definition, control (including with correlative meanings, the terms controlled by and under common 
control with), as used with respect to any person, shall mean the possession, directly, or indirectly, of 
the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person, whether 
through the ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise. 
Asset Amount means, in respect of each principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount, Deliverable Obligations, as selected by the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion, with: 
(a) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money, an Outstanding Principal 
Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest (as determined by the Calculation Agent) if 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, but 
excluding accrued but unpaid interest if "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, and if neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued 
Interest" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, excluding accrued but unpaid 
interest); or 
(b) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable 
Amount, 
(or, in the case of either (a) or (b), the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), in an 
aggregate amount as of the relevant Delivery Date equal to the outstanding principal amount of such 
Notes less, if Unwind Costs are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, Deliverable 
Obligations with a market value (determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion on the Business Day selected by the Calculation Agent falling during the period from and 
including the Credit Event Determination Date to and including the Delivery Date) equal to Unwind 
Costs. 
If an obligation by its terms represents or contemplates an obligation to pay an amount greater than 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of such obligation as of the Delivery Date as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, the Outstanding Principal Balance of such 
obligation shall not include any additional amount that would be payable upon the occurrence or non-
occurrence of such event or circumstance. 
Asset Transfer Notice means a duly completed asset transfer notice substantially in the form set out 
in the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
Auction has the meaning given to such term in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Cut-Off Date means, the date falling ninety calendar days (or such other number of calendar 
days as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms) after (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date or, (b) if 
Credit Condition 2(e) applies, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, if later and if Credit 
Condition 2(g)(II)(B) applies, the Postponed Maturity Date, or (c) if Credit Condition 2(f) applies, the 
Grace Period Extension Date or, (d) if Credit Condition 2(g)(II)(A) applies, the Postponed Maturity 
Date.

--- Page 193 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-52 
 
 
Auction Final Price means: 
(a) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that an Auction will 
be held in accordance with any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in relation to 
obligations of appropriate seniority of the Reference Entity in respect of which Conditions to 
Settlement have been satisfied, the relevant Auction Final Price determined in accordance 
with such Auction; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that more than one 
Auction will be held in accordance with any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in 
relation to obligations of appropriate seniority of the Reference Entity in respect of which 
Conditions to Settlement have been satisfied: 
(i) 
the Auction Final Price determined in accordance with the Auction applicable to 
credit derivatives transactions triggered by the credit protection buyer thereunder 
(Buyer Credit Derivatives Transactions) with Scheduled Termination Dates of a 
range within which the Scheduled Maturity Date falls; 
(ii) 
if no Auction is held applicable to Buyer Credit Derivatives Transactions with 
Scheduled Termination Dates of a range within which the Scheduled Maturity Date 
falls, the Auction Final Price determined in accordance with the Auction applicable 
to Buyer Credit Derivatives Transactions with Scheduled Termination Dates falling 
next earliest to the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(iii) 
if no Auction is held applicable to Buyer Credit Derivatives Transactions with 
Scheduled Termination Dates falling next earliest to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the 
Auction Final Price determined in accordance with the Auction applicable to Buyer 
Credit Derivatives Transactions with Scheduled Termination Dates falling next 
following the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(iv) 
if no Auction is held applicable to Buyer Credit Derivatives Transactions with 
Scheduled Termination Dates falling next following the Scheduled Maturity Date, the 
Auction Final Price determined in accordance with the Auction applicable to credit 
derivatives transactions triggered by the credit protection seller thereunder. 
Auction Final Price Cut-Off Date means, if specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the date 
falling ninety calendar days (or such other number of calendar days specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) after (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date or, (b) if Credit Condition 2(e) applies, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, if later and if Credit Condition 2(g)(II)(B) applies, the 
Postponed Maturity Date, or (c) if Credit Condition 2(f) applies, the Grace Period Extension Date or, 
(d) if Credit Condition 2(g)(II)(A) applies, the Postponed Maturity Date. 
Bankruptcy means a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law

--- Page 194 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-53 
 
 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in 
the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding 
or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the institution or 
presentation thereof or before the Maturity Date, whichever is earlier; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty 
calendar days thereafter or before the Maturity Date, whichever is earlier; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) to (g) 
(inclusive). 
Best Available Information means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Reference Entity which files information with its primary securities regulator 
or primary stock exchange that includes unconsolidated, pro forma financial information 
which assumes that the relevant Succession Event has occurred or which provides such 
information to its shareholders, creditors or other persons whose approval of the Succession 
Event is required, that unconsolidated, pro forma financial information and, if provided 
subsequently to the provision of unconsolidated, pro forma financial information but before 
the Calculation Agent makes its determination for the purposes of the definition of 
"Successor", other relevant information that is contained in any written communication 
provided by the Reference Entity to its primary securities regulator, primary stock exchange, 
shareholders, creditors or other persons whose approval of the Succession Event is required; 
or 
(b) 
in the case of a Reference Entity which does not file with its primary securities regulators or 
primary stock exchange, and which does not provide to shareholders, creditors or other 
persons whose approval of the Succession Event is required, the information contemplated in 
(a) above, the best publicly available information at the disposal of the Calculation Agent to 
allow it to make a determination for the purposes of the definition of "Successor". 
Information which is made available more than fourteen calendar days after the legally effective date 
of the Succession Event shall not constitute "Best Available Information". 
Calculation Agent City means the city specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if a city is 
not so specified, the city in which the office through which the Calculation Agent is acting for the 
purposes of the Notes is located. 
Calculation Agent City Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the Calculation Agent City.

--- Page 195 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-54 
 
 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees 
without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds, provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, 
of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if a Reference 
Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, 
assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent 
may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  Any requirement that notification of novation, 
assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative 
agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a 
requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
For purposes of determining whether a Deliverable Obligation satisfies the requirements of the 
definition of Conditionally Transferable Obligation, such determination shall be made as of the 
Delivery Date for the Deliverable Obligation, taking into account only the terms of the Deliverable 
Obligation and any related transfer or consent documents which have been obtained by the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates, as the case may be. 
Conditions to Settlement means either: 
(a) 
if DC Determinations is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, following the occurrence of 
a Credit Event Resolution Request Date on or following the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes, ISDA publicly announces during the Notice Delivery Period that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that such event constitutes a Credit 
Event; or 
(b) 
the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a Credit Event Notice that is effective 
and if Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, that is effective, in each case, during 
the Notice Delivery Period, 
provided that, 
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (a) above, if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee subsequently resolves that the relevant event does not constitute a Credit Event 
prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, Valuation Date or Settlement Date, as 
applicable, Conditions to Settlement shall be deemed not to have been satisfied; and 
(ii) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (b) above and if DC Determinations is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, if following the delivery of the Credit Event Notice by the Calculation Agent a 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurs in relation to the event referred to in the Credit 
Event Notice and prior to the Valuation Date or Settlement Date, as applicable: 
(A) 
the Credit Event Notice is deemed to be revoked in accordance with its definition 
below, Conditions to Settlement shall be deemed not to have been satisfied; or 
(B) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that such event 
constitutes a Credit Event with respect to the relevant Reference Entity or Obligation 
thereof, the Calculation Agent may in its sole and absolute discretion revoke the 
Credit Event Notice by giving notice to the Issuer, in which case Conditions to 
Settlement shall be deemed not to have been satisfied in accordance with sub-
paragraph (b) above but shall be deemed to be satisfied in accordance with sub-
paragraph (a) above.

--- Page 196 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-55 
 
 
Convertible Obligation means any obligation that is convertible, in whole or in part, into Equity 
Securities solely at the option of holders of such obligation or a trustee or similar agent acting for the 
benefit only of holders of such obligation (or the cash equivalent thereof, whether the cash settlement 
option is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders of such obligation). 
Credit Condition means each condition specified in this Schedule. 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms has the meaning given to such term in the definition 
of Transaction Auction Settlement Terms below. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees means the committees established by ISDA for 
purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative transactions, as more 
fully described in the credit derivatives determinations committees rules, as published on  
www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as 
amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof (the Rules). 
Credit Event means the occurrence of any one or more of the Credit Events specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms which may include Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation 
Default, Repudiation/Moratorium or Restructuring, or any additional Credit Event specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defense based 
upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to 
any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
Credit Event Backstop Date means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any event that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved as constituting a Credit Event (or with respect to Repudiation/Moratorium, the 
event described in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium), the date 
that is 60 calendar days prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
the first date on which both the Credit Event Notice and, if Notice of Publicly 
Available Information is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Notice of Publicly Available Information are delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer during the Notice Delivery Period; and

--- Page 197 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-56 
 
 
(ii) 
in circumstances where: 
(A) 
the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
to Resolve the matters described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the 
definition of Credit Event Resolution Request Date are satisfied in 
accordance with the Rules; 
(B) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not 
to determine such matters; and 
(C) 
the Credit Event Notice and, if Notice of Publicly Available Information is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Notice of Publicly 
Available Information are delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
not more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which ISDA publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved not to determine such matters, the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
Credit Event Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent (which may be by telephone) to the 
Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a 
Credit Event that occurred at or after 12.01 a.m. Greenwich Mean Time on the Issue Date or, if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Credit Event Backstop Date and at or prior 
to 11.59 p.m., Greenwich Mean Time, on the latest of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if: 
(i) 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that 
occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(iii) 
the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to such Failure to Pay occurs at or prior to 
11.59 p.m., Greenwich Mean Time, on the Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date if: 
(i) 
the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice is a 
Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs at or prior to 11.59 p.m., Greenwich Mean Time, on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date; and 
(iii) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
provided that if DC Determinations is specified in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(A) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that such 
event does not constitute a Credit Event with respect to the relevant Reference Entity 
or Obligation thereof, the Calculation Agent may not deliver a Credit Event Notice in

--- Page 198 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-57 
 
 
relation thereto, unless the DC Resolutions in respect of which the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and taking into account 
the differences between the definition of Credit Event under the 2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions and the definition of Credit Event hereunder and such other 
factor(s) as it deems appropriate, determines are inappropriate to follow for the 
purposes of the Notes (such DC Resolutions, Non-Applicable Credit Event 
Resolutions); and 
(B) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee subsequently Resolves 
that the event described in the Credit Event Notice does not constitute a Credit Event 
with respect to the relevant Reference Entity or Obligation thereof, the Credit Event 
Notice shall be deemed to be revoked and Conditions to Settlement shall be deemed 
not to have been satisfied, unless the DC Resolutions in respect of which are Non-
Applicable Credit Event Resolutions.  For the avoidance of doubt, such deemed 
revocation of the Credit Event Notice shall not prevent the Calculation Agent from 
delivering a further Credit Event Notice subsequently in relation to a new Credit 
Event. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to 
the determination that a Credit Event has occurred.  The Credit Event that is the subject of the 
Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective.  
A Credit Event Notice shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices set out in Credit 
Condition 4. 
Credit Event Redemption Amount means in respect of each principal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount of the Credit Linked Notes, the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or if no such amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to: 
(A × B) −C 
where: 
"A" is the outstanding principal amount of such Notes; 
"B" is the Final Price or, if Auction Settlement is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and Credit 
Condition 2(b)(x) does not apply, the Auction Final Price; and 
"C" is Unwind Costs, 
provided that in no event shall the Credit Event Redemption Amount be less than zero. 
Credit Event Redemption Date means, in respect of: 
(a) 
Maturity Date Settlement Credit Linked Notes, the later of: 
(i) 
the Maturity Date; and 
(ii) 
the day falling the number of Business Days specified (or, if a number of Business 
Days is not so specified, three Business Days) in the applicable Issue Terms after (a) 
the calculation of the Final Price or the publication of the Auction Final Price, as the 
case may be, or (b) if the Credit Event Redemption Amount is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms or Fixed Recovery is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Credit Event Determination Date; and

--- Page 199 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-58 
 
 
(b) 
any Credit Linked Notes other than Maturity Date Settlement Credit Linked Notes, the day 
falling the number of Business Days specified (or, if a number of Business Days is not so 
specified, three Business Days) in the applicable Issue Terms after (a) the calculation of the 
Final Price or the publication of the Auction Final Price, as the case may be, or (b) if the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or Fixed Recovery is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Credit Event Determination Date.  
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to ISDA, delivered in 
accordance with the Rules, requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be 
convened to Resolve: 
(a) 
whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity or Obligation thereof; and 
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that such event has 
occurred, the date of the occurrence of such event, 
unless the DC Resolutions in respect of which are Non-Applicable Credit Event Resolutions, the date, 
as publicly announced by ISDA, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves to be the first date on which such notice was effective and on which the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession, in accordance with the Rules, of Publicly 
Available Information with respect to the DC Resolutions referred to in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above. 
Currency Amount means, whenever an amount is denominated in a currency other than the 
Settlement Currency and is specified to be determined by reference to a Currency Amount, such 
amount converted to the relevant Settlement Currency using the Currency Rate. 
Currency Rate means: 
(a) 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the rate of conversion of the currency 
of the Deliverable Obligation into the Settlement Currency by reference to: 
(i) 
if the Settlement Currency is U.S. Dollars, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
10:00 a.m. (New York time) mid point rate as displayed on Reuters Page FEDSPOT 
on the date that the Notice of Physical Settlement is deemed given, or on such date 
and in such other commercially reasonable manner as it shall determine; or 
(ii) 
if the Settlement Currency is euro, the MEAN price as displayed on Reuters Page 
EUROFX/1 as of 12:00 p.m. (London time) on the date that the Notice of Physical 
Settlement is deemed given, or on such date and in such other commercially 
reasonable manner as it shall determine; or 
(b) 
if the Settlement Currency is not U.S. Dollars or euro, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Custodian means any custodian (including the Reference Custodian), sub-custodian, depositary, 
settlement system, bank or clearing house (or any agent or delegate of any of the foregoing) or any 
exchange used by a Reference Investor as part of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement 
entered into from time to time. 
DC Resolution has the meaning given to such term in the Rules.

--- Page 200 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-59 
 
 
Default Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if a Default Requirement is not specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, U.S.$10,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee, transfer 
of the benefit of the Qualifying Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for 
the settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary 
documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest 
in an Asset Amount to the relevant Noteholder free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or 
encumbrances (including without limitation any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or 
defence based on the factors set out in paragraphs (a) to (d) in the definition of "Credit Event" above) 
or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor) provided that 
if all or a portion of an Asset Amount consists of Direct Loan Participations, Deliver means to create 
(or procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the relevant Noteholder and to the extent that 
all or a portion of an Asset Amount consists of Qualifying Guarantees, Deliver means to Deliver both 
the Qualifying Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation.  Delivery and Delivered will be construed 
accordingly. In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the 
form of the documentation determined by the Calculation Agent to be customarily used in the relevant 
market for Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
Deliverable Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and subject as provided in Credit 
Condition 2(d) above: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly, as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate 
Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as 
provider of any Qualifying Guarantee) determined pursuant to the method described in "(A) 
Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations" below (but excluding any Excluded 
Deliverable Obligation specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that (A) is payable in an 
amount equal to its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
(B) is not subject to any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on 
the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event" above) or right 
of set off by or of a Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor and (C) in the case 
of a Qualifying Guarantee other than a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee, is capable, at the 
Delivery Date, of immediate assertion or demand by or on behalf of the holder or holders 
against the Reference Entity for an amount at least equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount being Delivered or, in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes, 
delivered apart from the giving of any notice of non-payment or similar procedural 
requirement, it being understood that acceleration of an Underlying Obligation shall not be 
considered a procedural requirement; 
(b) 
subject to the second paragraph of the definition of "Not Contingent" in "(A) Method for 
Determining Deliverable Obligations" below, each Reference Obligation of the Reference 
Entity, unless specified in the applicable Issue Terms as an Excluded Deliverable Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Sovereign Reference Entity, 
any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation of such Sovereign Reference Entity (but 
excluding any Excluded Deliverable Obligation) that (A) is payable in an amount equal to its 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, (B) is not subject 
to any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set 
forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event" above) or right of set-off by 
or of a Reference Entity or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor and (C) in the case of a 
Qualifying Guarantee other than a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee, is capable, at the Delivery 
Date, of immediate assertion or demand by or on behalf of the holder or holders against the

--- Page 201 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-60 
 
 
Reference Entity for an amount at least equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount being Delivered or, in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes, delivered apart 
from the giving of any notice of non-payment or similar procedural requirement, it being 
understood that acceleration of an Underlying Obligation shall not be considered a procedural 
requirement; and 
(d) 
any Additional Deliverable Obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations.  For the purposes of this 
definition of "Deliverable Obligation", the term "Deliverable Obligation" may be 
defined as each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable 
Obligation Category specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and, subject to (A)(C) 
below, having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, as of the date on which the Notice of Physical 
Settlement is deemed given.  The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(A) 
Deliverable Obligation Category means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, 
Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined in 
the definition of "Obligation" below, except that, for the purpose of 
determining Deliverable Obligations, the definition of "Reference Obligation 
Only" shall be amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only). 
(B) 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not 
Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic 
Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance (each as 
defined in the definition of "Obligation" below), Not Contingent, Assignable 
Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, 
Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer where: 
(1) 
Not Contingent means any obligation having as of the Delivery Date 
and all times thereafter an Outstanding Principal Balance or, in the 
case of obligations that are not Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable 
Amount, that pursuant to the terms of such obligation may not be 
reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event 
or circumstance (other than payment).  A Convertible Obligation, an 
Exchangeable Obligation and an Accreting Obligation shall satisfy 
the Not Contingent Deliverable Obligation Characteristic if such 
Convertible Obligation, Exchangeable Obligation or Accreting 
Obligation otherwise meets the requirements of the preceding 
sentence so long as, in the case of a Convertible Obligation or an 
Exchangeable Obligation, the right (A) to convert or exchange such 
obligation or (B) to require the issuer to purchase or redeem such 
obligation (if the issuer has exercised or may exercise the right to pay 
the purchase or redemption price, in whole or in part, in Equity 
Securities) has not been exercised (or such exercise has been 
effectively rescinded) on or before the Delivery Date. 
If a Reference Obligation is a Convertible Obligation or an 
Exchangeable Obligation, then such Reference Obligation may be 
included as a Deliverable Obligation only if the rights referred to in 
clauses (A) and (B) of the preceding paragraph have not been

--- Page 202 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-61 
 
 
exercised (or such exercise has been effectively rescinded) on or 
before the Delivery Date. 
(2) 
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or 
novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or financial institutions 
(irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not then a 
lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the 
consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of 
such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if a Reference 
Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(3) 
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being 
assigned or novated with the consent of the relevant Reference Entity 
or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant 
borrower if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such loan) or any 
agent; 
(4) 
Direct Loan Participation means a Loan in respect of which, 
pursuant to a participation agreement, the Issuer is capable of 
creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of 
each Noteholder that provides each such Noteholder with recourse to 
the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due 
under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation 
seller, any such agreement to be entered into between each such 
Noteholder and either (A) the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, as 
the case may be, (to the extent that the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates, as applicable, is then a lender or a member of the relevant 
lending syndicate), or (B) a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) 
(to the extent such Qualifying Participation Seller is then a lender or 
a member of the relevant lending syndicate); 
(5) 
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional 
investors without any contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, 
provided that none of the following shall be considered contractual, 
statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(i) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide 
for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation 
S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any 
jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the 
eligibility for resale of an obligation); or 
(ii) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or 
regulatory investment restrictions on insurance companies 
and pension funds; 
(6) 
Maximum Maturity means an obligation that has a remaining 
maturity from the Settlement Date or (as applicable) LA Physical 
Settlement Date of not greater than the period specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms;

--- Page 203 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-62 
 
 
(7) 
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under which the total 
amount owed, whether at maturity, by reason of acceleration, upon 
termination or otherwise (other than amounts in respect of default 
interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts), is, or 
on or prior to the Delivery Date will be, due and payable in full in 
accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but 
for, and without regard to, any limitation imposed under any 
applicable insolvency laws; and 
(8) 
Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument 
unless interests with respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other internationally 
recognised clearing system. 
 
(ii) 
Interpretation of Provisions. 
(A) 
If the Obligation Characteristic "Listed" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall be construed as though Listed had 
been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds and 
shall only be relevant if Bonds are covered by the selected Obligation 
Category; 
(B) 
if (a) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not 
Bearer" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms 
shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had 
been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to 
Bonds and shall only be relevant if Bonds are covered by the selected 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category; 
(b) 
the 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
applicable Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans 
(and shall only be relevant to the extent that obligations other than Loans are 
covered by the selected Deliverable Obligation Category); or (c) any of the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall be construed as though such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans and shall only be 
relevant if Loans are covered by the selected Deliverable Obligation 
Category; 
(C) 
if any of Payment, Borrowed Money, Loan or Bond or Loan is specified as 
the Deliverable Obligation Category and more than one of Assignable Loan, 
Consent Required Loan and Direct Loan Participation are specified as 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, the Deliverable Obligations may 
include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics; and 
(D) 
in the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying 
Guarantee, the following will apply:

--- Page 204 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-63 
 
 
(1) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the 
Deliverable Obligation Category, the Qualifying Guarantee shall be 
deemed to be described by the same category or categories as those 
that describe the Underlying Obligation. 
(2) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, both the Qualifying 
Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms from the following list:  Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency 
and Not Domestic Law.  For these purposes, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (A) the lawful currency of 
any of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or the 
United States of America or the euro shall not be a Domestic 
Currency and (B) the laws of England and the laws of the State of 
New York shall not be a Domestic Law. 
(3) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying 
Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date each of the applicable 
Obligation 
Characteristics 
or 
the 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms from 
the following list: Listed, Not Contingent, Not Domestic Issuance, 
Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, 
Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not 
Bearer. 
(4) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to 
refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(5) 
The terms "Outstanding Principal Balance" and "Due and Payable 
Amount" (as they are used in the Terms and Conditions, including 
without limitation, the definitions of "Cash Settlement Amount" and 
"Quotation Amount" in Credit Condition 2(i)), when used in 
connection with Qualifying Guarantees are to be interpreted to be the 
then "Outstanding Principal Balance" or "Due and Payable Amount", 
as applicable, of the Underlying Obligation which is supported by a 
Qualifying Guarantee. 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this paragraph (ii) apply in 
respect of the definitions of Obligation and Deliverable Obligation as the 
context admits. 
Delivery Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the date such Deliverable Obligation 
is Delivered or, in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes, delivered. 
Delivery Expenses means all costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable depository 
charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, 
securities transfer, withholding taxes or tax on income profits or gains and/or other costs, duties or 
taxes arising from the Delivery of an Asset Amount.

--- Page 205 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-64 
 
 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and any 
successor currency.  If no currency is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Domestic Currency 
shall be the lawful currency and any successor currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is 
organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign.  In no event shall Domestic Currency include 
any successor currency if such successor currency is the lawful currency of any of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, the United Kingdom or the United States of America or the euro (or any successor 
currency to any such currency). 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance 
of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference 
Entity.  Voting Shares shall mean those shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board 
of directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
Due and Payable Amount means, subject as provided in paragraph (ii) (Interpretation of Provisions) 
in the definition of Deliverable Obligation, the amount that is due and payable under (and in 
accordance with the terms of) a Deliverable Obligation on the Delivery Date, whether by reason of 
acceleration, maturity, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in respect of default interest, 
indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts). 
Eligible Transferee means each of the following: 
(a) 
(i) 
any bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
an insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
a mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity 
specified in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and 
(iv) 
a registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the preceding sub-paragraph (a); 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose 
vehicle) that (1) has total assets of at least U.S.$100 million or (2) is one of a group 
of investment vehicles under common control or management having, in the 
aggregate, total assets of at least U.S.$100 million; or 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed 
or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement 
by an entity described in sub-paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) of this definition; and 
(d) 
a Sovereign, Sovereign Agency or Supranational Organisation; 
All references in this definition to U.S.$ include equivalent amounts in other currencies.

--- Page 206 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-65 
 
 
Enabling Obligation means an outstanding Deliverable Obligation that (a) is a Fully Transferable 
Obligation or a Conditionally Transferable Obligation, as applicable, and (b) has a final maturity date 
occurring on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and following the Limitation Date immediately 
preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date (or, in circumstances where the Scheduled Maturity Date 
occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date, following the final maturity date of the Latest Maturity 
Restructured Bond or Loan, if any). 
Equity Securities means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Convertible Obligation, equity securities (including options and warrants) of 
the issuer of such obligation or depositary receipts representing equity securities of the issuer 
of such obligation together with any other property distributed to or made available to holders 
of those equity securities from time to time; and 
(b) 
in the case of an Exchangeable Obligation, equity securities (including options and warrants) 
of a person other than the issuer of such obligation or depositary receipts representing those 
equity securities of a person other than the issuer of such obligation together with any other 
property distributed to or made available to holders of those equity securities from time to 
time. 
Exchangeable Obligation means any obligation that is exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Equity 
Securities solely at the option of holders of such obligation or a trustee or similar agent acting for the 
benefit only of holders of such obligation (or the cash equivalent thereof, whether the cash settlement 
option is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders of such obligation). 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of 
a type described in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Excluded Obligation means any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type 
described in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Reference Entity 
to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment 
Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the 
time of such failure. 
Final Price means:  
(a) 
Either: 
(i) 
If Reference Obligation Final Price is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
price of the Reference Obligation, expressed as a percentage, determined in 
accordance with the Valuation Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  The 
Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after obtaining all Quotations for a 
Valuation Date, make available for inspection by Noteholders at the specified office 
of the Registrar (i) each such Quotation that it receives in connection with the 
calculation of the Final Price and (ii) a written computation showing its calculation of 
the Final Price; or 
(ii) 
if Deliverable Obligation Final Price is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
highest firm bid quotation that the Calculation Agent is able to obtain on the Valuation 
Date from a Reference Dealer for the sale to the Reference Dealer of such of the 
Deliverable Obligations as selected by the Issuer with an outstanding principal

--- Page 207 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-66 
 
 
balance equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes (or the equivalent 
thereof) as determined by the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage of such 
outstanding principal balance, provided that if none of the Reference Dealers provides 
such a firm quotation then the Final Price shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent.  
For these purposes: 
(x) 
references to "Delivery Date", "being Delivered", "date on which the Notice 
of Physical Settlement is deemed given" and "Settlement Date" in the Credit 
Conditions are deemed replaced with "Valuation Date", "being valued", "date 
of selection as a Deliverable Obligation" and "Valuation Date" respectively; 
and 
(y) 
the penultimate two paragraphs of Credit Condition 2(d) relating to 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" and 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation" may apply notwithstanding that Physical Delivery does not apply 
and references therein to "included in an Asset Amount" are deemed replaced 
with "selected for the purposes of calculating the Final Price"; or 
(iii) 
if Fixed Recovery is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
percentage specified therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Final Price may be equal to zero. 
Full Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation obtained from 
a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the 
Reference Obligation with an outstanding principal balance equal to the Quotation Amount. 
Fully Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case 
of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of 
any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds.  Any 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be 
provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a 
Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered as a requirement for consent for purposes of this 
definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation". 
FX Rate means the rate, determined by the Calculation Agent on the FX Rate Set Date, at which a 
non-resident of the Reference Jurisdiction can purchase the Settlement Currency against delivery of 
the LA Relevant Currency for value on the LA Value Date provided that if LA Relevant Currency is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Rate shall be 1 (one). 
FX Rate Set Date means the date selected by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, for 
determining the FX Rate. 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of a Reference Entity or of the jurisdiction of organisation of a Reference Entity.

--- Page 208 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-67 
 
 
Grace Period means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments 
under the relevant Obligation under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of 
which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and the applicable 
grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Grace 
Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no period is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, thirty 
calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, at the later of the Trade Date and the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, 
no grace period with respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less 
than three Grace Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a 
Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such 
Obligation; provided that, unless Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose 
in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so specified, in the jurisdiction of the 
Obligation Currency. 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if: 
(a) 
Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
the day that is, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, five Business Days following the day 
falling the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. 
Hedge Disruption Event means in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any event (including, without 
limitation, any delay in settlement of any Auction) as a result of which the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates has not received the relevant Deliverable Obligations under the terms of any transaction 
entered into by the Issuer and/or such Affiliate to hedge the Issuer's obligations or position in respect 
of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Hedge Disruption Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation included in an Asset Amount which, 
on the Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines cannot be 
Delivered as a result of a Hedge Disruption Event. 
References to Hedge Disruption Event and Hedge Disruption Obligations in these Terms and 
Conditions shall be disregarded in relation to the Credit Linked Notes if the applicable Issue Terms 
specifies "Hedge Disruption Event" as Not Applicable. 
Inconvertibility Event means the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any event 
or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or 
has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor 
(i) to convert the LA Relevant Currency into the Settlement Currency through customary legal 
channels; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to residents 
of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate any funds (in

--- Page 209 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-68 
 
 
the Settlement Currency or the LA Relevant Currency) from accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction 
to accounts outside the Reference Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; 
or (iv) to receive the full value of any cash payment (when converted to the Settlement Currency) 
made under the Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction after the Additional Risk Event Start 
Date by any Governmental Authority of a new currency regime (including the introduction of a dual 
currency regime) or the imposition of currency exchange limitations. 
Initial Applicable Principal Currency Amount means the Applicable Principal Currency Amount 
or, in the case of Instalment Notes, the Applicable Principal Currency Amount as of the Issue Date. 
Intervening Period means such period of time as any person other than the relevant Noteholder shall 
continue to be registered as the legal owner of any securities or other obligations comprising the Asset 
Amount.  
LA Cash Payment Date means:  
(a) 
if LA Cash Settlement is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and unless otherwise 
specified therein, the date which is 5 Business Days following the Risk Event Determination 
Date; and 
(b) 
if LA Physical Settlement is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and unless otherwise 
specified therein, the date which is 5 Business Days after the LA Physical Settlement Date.  
LA Final Redemption Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, 
if an amount is not so specified, an amount equal to each principal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount’s pro rata portion of an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount divided by the FX Rate.  
LA Physical Settlement Date means the date which is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, 30 calendar days following the Risk Event Determination Date. 
LA Redemption Amount means an amount (which shall not be less than, but may be equal to, zero) 
in the Settlement Currency equal to the Recovery Value, pro rated amongst each principal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount less Unwind Costs determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the date (the LA Valuation Date) selected by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, which falls 
on any Business Day during the period from and including the Risk Event Determination Date to and 
including the LA Cash Payment Date.  
LA Relevant Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, being the 
lawful currency of the Reference Jurisdiction, or if the LA Relevant Currency ceases to be the lawful 
currency of the Reference Jurisdiction, any other lawful currency in effect in such jurisdiction. 
LA Settlement Assets means: 
(a) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Reference Assets; and 
(b) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, Deliverable Obligations selected by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion. 
LA Value Date means (as applicable) the Maturity Date or, where the Notes are interest bearing the 
relevant Interest Payment Date or, where the Notes are Instalment Notes the relevant Instalment Date 
or, if Fixed Recovery LA Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the LA Cash Payment Date (if any), or as the case may be, the LA Cut-Off Date.

--- Page 210 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-69 
 
 
Limitation Date means the first of March 20, June 20, September 20 or December 20 in any year to 
occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the 
Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the 2.5-year Limitation Date), 5 years (the 5-year Limitation Date), 
7.5 years, 10 years, 12.5 years, 15 years, or 20 years (the 20-year Limitation Date), as applicable. 
Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition that has 
the effect of (a) the failure or suspension of normal trading on any recognized securities, futures or 
other exchange on which the Reference Investor Assets or futures thereon are traded; or (b) any 
Reference Investor Asset becoming ineligible for clearance or settlement through the principal 
clearing system or by the relevant settlement procedure for the Reference Investor Assets.  
Market Value means, with respect to a Reference Obligation on a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one 
such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding 
the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the 
same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall 
be disregarded); 
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; 
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such 
Weighted Average Quotation; 
(e) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained, subject as provided in the definition of Quotation, an amount as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations or a 
Weighted Average Quotation is obtained; and 
(f) 
if two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not obtained on or prior 
to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date, the Market Value shall be 
any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations 
for the Reference Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such 
tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which 
such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the 
Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
Maturity Date Settlement Credit Linked Notes means any Credit Linked Notes in respect of which 
"Maturity Date Settlement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Merger Event means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (i) the Issuer consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges 
into, or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to, a Reference Entity, or (ii) a Reference Entity 
consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to 
the Issuer or (iii) the Issuer become Affiliates of a Reference Entity. 
Merger Event Redemption Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 211 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-70 
 
 
Minimum Quotation Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) or, if no amount is so specified, the lower of (i) 
U.S.$1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) and (ii) the Quotation Amount. 
Modified Eligible Transferee means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and 
other financial assets. 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date, provided 
that, in circumstances where the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 2.5-year Limitation Date, 
at least one Enabling Obligation exists.  If "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" is specified in the Issue Terms and the Scheduled 
Maturity Date is later than the 2.5-year Limitation Date and prior to the 5-year Limitation Date, a 
Restructured Bond or Loan will not constitute an Enabling Obligation.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
if the Scheduled Maturity Date is either (i) on or prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date or (ii) later than 
the 2.5-year Limitation Date and on or prior to the 5-year Limitation Date and no Enabling Obligation 
exists, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the 5-year Limitation Date in the 
case of a Restructured Bond or Loan only. 
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Issue Date to and including (i) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date; (ii) the Grace Period Extension Date if (A) "Grace Period Extension" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, (B) the Credit Event that is the subject of the 
Credit Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date, and (C) the 
Potential Failure to Pay with respect to such Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date; (iii) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date if (A) the Credit Event that is the subject of 
the Credit Event Notice is a Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
(B) the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and (C) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is 
satisfied; or (iv) the Postponed Maturity Date if redemption of the Notes is postponed pursuant to 
Credit Condition 2(g). 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent 
(which may be by telephone) to the Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the 
obligation to deliver) that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice.  In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, 
the Notice of Publicly Available Information must cite Publicly Available Information confirming the 
occurrence of both clauses (a) and (b) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium.  The notice given 
must contain a copy or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available 
Information.  If Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, 
contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information.  A Notice of 
Publicly Available Information shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices in Credit 
Condition 4. 
Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as a provider of a Qualifying Affiliate 
Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as 
provider of any Qualifying Guarantee) determined pursuant to the method described in 
"Method for Determining Obligations" below (but excluding any Excluded Obligation);

--- Page 212 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-71 
 
 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation of such Reference Entity specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
unless specified as an Excluded Obligation; and 
(c) 
any Additional Obligation of such Reference Entity specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Method for Determining Obligations.  For the purposes of paragraph (a) of this definition of 
"Obligation", the term "Obligation" may be defined as each obligation of the Reference Entity 
described by the Obligation Category specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and having each of the 
Obligation Characteristics (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, as of the date 
of the event which constitutes the Credit Event which is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or the 
notice to ISDA resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable.  
The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
Obligation Category means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, 
Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
where: 
(i) 
Payment means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) 
for the payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed 
Money; 
(ii) 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving 
credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of 
principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall 
include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from 
drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
(iii) 
Reference Obligation Only means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and 
no Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only; 
(iv) 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes 
delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall 
not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(v) 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or 
other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed 
Money; and 
(vi) 
Bond or Loan means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
(b) 
Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, 
Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic 
Issuance specified in the applicable Issue Terms, where: 
(i) 
(A) 
Not Subordinated means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (i) the 
most senior Reference Obligation in priority of payment or (ii) if no 
Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity; 
provided that, if any of the events set forth under sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" herein has occurred with 
respect to all of the Reference Obligations or if the events described in the

--- Page 213 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-72 
 
 
final paragraph of the definition of "Successor" herein have occurred with 
respect to the Reference Obligation (each, in each case, a Prior Reference 
Obligation) and no Substitute Reference Obligation has been identified for 
any of the Prior Reference Obligations at the time of the determination of 
whether an obligation satisfies the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, as applicable, "Not 
Subordinated" shall mean an obligation that would not have been 
Subordinated to the most senior such Prior Reference Obligation in priority 
of payment.  For purposes of determining whether an obligation satisfies the 
"Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, the ranking in priority of payment of each Reference 
Obligation or each Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be 
determined as of the date as of which the relevant Reference Obligation or 
Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, was issued or incurred, and shall 
not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date; 
(B) 
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Subordinated 
Obligation) and another obligation of the Reference Entity to which such 
obligation is being compared (the Senior Obligation), a contractual, trust or 
other similar arrangement providing that (i) upon the liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganisation or winding up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders 
of the Senior Obligation will be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of 
the Subordinated Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Subordinated Obligation 
will not be entitled to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims 
against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in 
payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the Senior Obligation.  
"Subordinated" will be construed accordingly.  For purposes of determining 
whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with 
respect to another obligation to which it is being compared, the existence of 
preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support 
or other credit enhancement arrangements shall not be taken into account, 
except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of 
law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign; 
(ii) 
Specified Currency means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if Specified Currency is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and no currency is so specified, any of the lawful 
currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States 
of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned 
currencies, which currencies shall be referred to collectively in the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Standard Specified Currencies); 
(iii) 
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily owed to a 
Sovereign or Supranational Organisation, including, without limitation, obligations 
generally referred to as "Paris Club debt"; 
(iv) 
Not Domestic Currency means any obligation that is payable in any currency other 
than the Domestic Currency; 
(v) 
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by the laws of (a) the 
relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the 
jurisdiction of organisation of the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity 
is not a Sovereign;

--- Page 214 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-73 
 
 
(vi) 
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on 
an exchange; and 
(vii) 
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation that was, at 
the time the relevant obligation was issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or 
incurred, intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the 
relevant Reference Entity.  Any obligation that is registered or qualified for sale 
outside the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity (regardless of whether 
such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of 
the relevant Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be intended for sale primarily 
in the domestic market of the Reference Entity. 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and 
payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar 
condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect 
of a Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise 
have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default, or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of a Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Outstanding Principal Balance means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (D)(5) of paragraph (ii) 
(Interpretation of Provisions) in the definition of Deliverable Obligation: 
(a) 
with respect to any Accreting Obligation, the Accreted Amount thereof; and 
(b) 
with respect to any other obligation, the outstanding principal balance of such obligation, 
provided that with respect to any Exchangeable Obligation that is not an Accreting Obligation, 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" shall exclude any amount that may be payable under the terms of 
such obligation in respect of the value of the Equity Securities for which such obligation is 
exchangeable. 
Ownership Restriction Event means the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
any event or the existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or 
impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any 
Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner of any 
Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof. 
Payment Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if a Payment Requirement is not specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, U.S.$1,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or 
Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable. 
Permitted Currency means (i) the legal tender of any Group of 7 country (or any country that 
becomes a member of the Group of 7 if such Group of 7 expands its membership), or (ii) the legal 
tender of any country which, as of the date of such change, is a member of the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development and has a local currency long term debt rating of either

--- Page 215 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-74 
 
 
AAA or higher assigned to it by Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill 
Companies, Inc. or any successor to the rating business thereof, Aaa or higher assigned to it by 
Moody's Investor Service, Inc. or any successor to the rating business thereof or AAA or higher 
assigned to it by Fitch Ratings Ltd or any successor to the rating business thereof. 
Physical Settlement Period means the number of Business Days specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation comprising an Asset Amount, the longest number of Business Days for settlement in 
accordance with then current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by a Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any 
payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of 
any grace period applicable to such Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at 
the time of such failure. 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph (a) of 
the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms (or if a source is not specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each of Bloomberg Service, 
Dow Jones Telerate Service, Reuter Monitor Money Rates Services, Dow Jones News Wire, Wall 
Street Journal, New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shinbun, Asahi Shinbun, Yomiuri Shinbun, Financial 
Times, La Tribune, Les Echos and The Australian Financial Review (and successor publications), the 
main source(s) of business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised and any 
other internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
Publicly Available Information means: 
(a) 
information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination that the 
Credit Event or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in a Credit 
Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice has occurred and which: 
(b) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources, regardless 
of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information provided that, if 
either the Calculation Agent or the Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates is cited as the 
sole source of such information, then such information shall not be deemed to be Publicly 
Available Information unless either the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any of their Affiliates 
is acting in its capacity as trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying 
agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; 
(c) 
is information received from or published by (1) a Reference Entity or, as the case may be, a 
Sovereign Agency in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign or (2) a trustee, fiscal 
agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for an Obligation; or 
(d) 
is information contained in any petition or filing instituting a proceeding described in 
paragraph (d) of the definition of Bankruptcy against or by a Reference Entity; or 
(e) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice or filing, however described, of or filed 
with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or 
judicial body.

--- Page 216 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-75 
 
 
(i) 
In the event that the Calculation Agent is (A) the sole source of information in its 
capacity as trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, 
facility agent or agent bank for the Obligation with respect to which a Credit Event 
has occurred and (B) a holder of such Obligation, the Calculation Agent shall be 
required to deliver to the Issuer a certificate signed by a Managing Director (or other 
substantially equivalent title) of the Calculation Agent, which shall certify the 
occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to the relevant Reference Entity. 
(ii) 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (a)(c), (d) and (e) 
above, the Calculation Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed 
to it without violating any law, agreement or understanding regarding the 
confidentiality of such information and that the entity disclosing such information has 
not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the 
Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, 
or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to third parties. 
(iii) 
Publicly Available Information need not state: 
(A) 
in relation to the definition of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of 
Voting Shares owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity; and 
(B) 
that such occurrence (1) has met the Payment Requirement or Default 
Requirement; (2) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(3) has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by a Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of that Reference Entity. 
Qualifying Guarantee means an arrangement evidenced by a written instrument pursuant to which a 
Reference Entity irrevocably agrees (by guarantee of payment or equivalent legal arrangement) to pay 
all amounts due under an obligation (the Underlying Obligation) for which another party is the 
obligor (the Underlying Obligor).  Qualifying Guarantees shall exclude any arrangement (i) 
structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy, letter of credit or equivalent legal 
arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the terms of which the payment obligations of the Reference Entity can 
be discharged, reduced or otherwise altered or assigned (other than by operation of law) as a result of 
the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than payment).  The benefit of a 
Qualifying Guarantee must be capable of being Delivered or, in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes, 
delivered together with the Delivery or, as applicable, delivery of the Underlying Obligation. 
Qualifying Participation Seller means any participation seller that meets the requirements specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no Qualifying 
Participation Seller. 
Quotation means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed 
as a percentage with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation 
Date from five or more Quotation Dealers.  If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two 
or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a 
Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business 
Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers 
and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation.  If the 
Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average

--- Page 217 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-76 
 
 
Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the 
applicable Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained 
from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full 
Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations for the Reference 
Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business 
Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations 
were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for 
which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
(b) 
(i) 
If "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
Quotations, such Quotations shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
if "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
Quotations, such Quotations shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; and 
(iii) 
if neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Quotations, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine based on then current market practice in the market of the Reference 
Obligation, whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid 
interest. 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with this specification or determination. 
(c) 
If any Quotation obtained with respect to an Accreting Obligation is expressed as a percentage 
of the amount payable in respect of such obligation at maturity, such Quotation will instead 
be expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance for the purposes of 
determining the Final Price. 
Quotation Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (which may be 
specified by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to a Representative Amount) or, if 
no amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes (or, 
in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation Agent 
in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the 
relevant Quotation is being obtained). 
Quotation Dealer means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) for which Quotations are 
to be obtained, including each Quotation Dealer specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  If no 
Quotation Dealers are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall select the 
Quotation Dealers in its sole and absolute discretion.  Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in 
existence (with no successors), or not being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which 
Quotations are to be obtained, the Calculation Agent may substitute any other Quotation Dealer(s) for 
such Quotation Dealer(s). 
Quotation Method means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
by reference to one of the following terms: 
(a) 
Bid means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
Offer means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
Mid-market means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers 
and shall be averaged for purposes of determining a relevant Quotation Dealer's quotation. 
If a Quotation Method is not specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Bid shall apply.

--- Page 218 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-77 
 
 
Recovery Value means: 
(a) 
if Fixed Recovery LA Redemption Amount is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the highest firm bid quotation that the Calculation Agent is able to obtain on the 
LA Valuation Date from the Reference Dealers for the sale to the Reference Dealers of:  
(i) 
if Credit Condition 5(c) is applicable, the relevant Undeliverable Assets; or 
(ii) 
if Credit Condition 5(d) is applicable, an original face amount equal to the Initial 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount of the LA Settlement Assets of the relevant 
Reference Entity, as such assets may be amended from time to time (including without 
limitation any securities, cash proceeds or other assets into which such assets shall 
have been exchanged or converted from time to time), 
in each case in the Settlement Currency payable outside the Reference Jurisdiction, provided 
that if none of the Reference Dealers provides such a firm quotation then the Recovery Value 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion. The applicable Recovery 
Value may be equal to zero; or  
(b) 
if Fixed Recovery LA Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the Fixed Recovery LA Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms.   
Reference Assets means an amount of any assets specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
issued by the relevant Reference Entity with an original maturity date as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and an original face amount equal to the Initial Applicable Principal Currency Amount, 
as such assets may be amended from time to time (including without limitation any securities, cash 
proceeds or other assets into which such assets shall have been exchanged or converted from time to 
time, provided that when determining whether any of the events or conditions that may be applicable 
to the Note(s) have occurred, such determination shall be made by the Calculation Agent with 
reference to the terms and conditions of the original Reference Assets and not such replacement 
securities or assets). 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement means any formal or informal (express or implied) 
arrangement, method, means or account type through which a Reference Investor may hold, directly 
or indirectly, an interest (including a beneficial interest) in the Reference Investor Assets and/or any 
amount received in respect thereof. 
Reference Custodian means the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Dealers means such leading dealers, banks or banking corporations, which are not resident 
in the Reference Jurisdiction (if any) and which deal in obligations of the type of the Deliverable 
Obligations, Undeliverable Assets or LA Settlement Assets (as applicable) as are selected by the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, in order to determine the Final Price or the Recovery Value 
(as applicable). 
Reference Entity means the entity or entities specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  Any 
Successor to a Reference Entity either (a) identified by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the definition 
of "Successor" in this Credit Condition 7 on or following the Issue Date or (b) in respect of which 
ISDA publicly announces on or following the Trade Date that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved, in respect of a Succession Event Resolution Request Date, 
a Successor in accordance with the Rules shall, in each case, be the Reference Entity for the purposes 
of the relevant Notes, unless in the case of sub-paragraph (b) the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner and taking into account the differences between the

--- Page 219 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-78 
 
 
definition of Successor under the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions and the definition of 
Successor hereunder and such other factor(s) as it deems appropriate, determines that it is 
inappropriate to follow such DC Resolution for the purposes of the Notes.  
Reference Investor means any person that holds or owns the Reference Investor Assets, which may 
include the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates (including, without limitation, any trust, special purpose 
vehicle or account through which the Issuer or any of its Affiliates may hold Reference Investor Assets 
in the Reference Jurisdiction).  
Reference Investor Assets means: 
(a) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Reference Assets; and 
(b) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, Obligations and/or Deliverable Obligations. 
Reference Jurisdiction means the jurisdiction specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Obligation means each obligation specified as such or of a type described as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (if any are so specified or described) and any Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Regulatory Change Cost means, in respect of a Regulatory Change Event, an amount, determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the cost which a Reference Investor would have incurred in respect 
of such Regulatory Change Event had it purchased, received, held, transferred or sold the Reference 
Investor Assets (and/or any amount received in respect thereof) at any time during the term of the 
Note(s). 
Regulatory Change Event means: 
(a) 
the adoption of, change in or change in the interpretation or administration of, any law, rule, 
directive, decree or regulation in the Reference Jurisdiction after the Trade Date by any 
Governmental Authority or any settlement system, depositary or other entity charged by any 
Governmental Authority to regulate the holding, transferring and/or taxing of (including 
amounts received in respect of) Reference Investor Assets; and/or 
(b) 
the compliance by a Reference Investor (and/or its custodian, if any, in respect of the 
Reference Investor Assets) with any request or directive of any Governmental Authority 
(provided that such term shall also include any taxing authority) or any settlement system, 
depositary or other entity charged by any Governmental Authority to regulate the holding, 
transferring and/or taxing of (including amounts received in respect of) Reference Investor 
Assets, 
which in any such case: 
(i) 
would, in respect of any amount of Reference Investor Assets (and/or any amount received in 
respect thereof) which a Reference Investor could have held during the term of the Note(s), 
impose, modify or apply any tax, charge, duty, reserve, special deposit, insurance assessment 
or any other requirement on such Reference Investor (and this results in additional costs to a 
Reference Investor); and/or 
(ii) 
increases in any other way the actual or potential cost to a Reference Investor of hedging the 
obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Note(s) at any time during the term of the Note(s).

--- Page 220 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-79 
 
 
Relevant Obligations means the Obligations constituting Bonds and Loans of the Reference Entity 
outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the Succession Event, excluding any debt 
obligations outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  The Calculation Agent will determine the entity which succeeds to such Relevant 
Obligations on the basis of the Best Available Information.  If the date on which the Best Available 
Information becomes available or is filed precedes the legally effective date of the relevant Succession 
Event, any assumptions as to the allocation of obligations between or among entities contained in the 
Best Available Information will be deemed to have been fulfilled as of the legally effective date of the 
Succession Event, whether or not this is in fact the case. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market and at the relevant time, such amount to be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement; or 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto 
or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement; and 
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, 
determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation 
occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on 
or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (i) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the date that is 60 days 
after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date under any such 
Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any 
applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date 
of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date unless the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied (i) if ISDA publicly announces, pursuant 
to a valid request that was delivered in accordance with the Rules and effectively received on or prior 
to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the Notes has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
unless the DC Resolutions in respect of which the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and taking into account the differences between the definition of 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium under the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions and the 
definition of Potential Repudiation/Moratorium hereunder and such other factor(s) as it deems 
appropriate, determines are inappropriate to follow for the purposes of the Notes or (ii) otherwise, by 
the delivery of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, if Notice of Publicly Available 
Information is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information that are each effective on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if Credit Condition

--- Page 221 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-80 
 
 
2(g)(ii) applies, the Postponed Maturity Date. In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent 
that, ISDA publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered in accordance with the 
Rules and effectively received on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if Credit Condition 
2(g)(ii) applies, the Postponed Maturity Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that either (A) an event does not constitutes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, or (B) an 
event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation 
of the relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date, unless 
the DC Resolutions in respect of which the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and taking into account the differences between the definition of 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium under the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions and the 
definition of Potential Repudiation/Moratorium hereunder and such other factor(s) as it deems 
appropriate, determines are inappropriate to follow for the purposes of the Notes. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means an irrevocable notice (which may be by 
telephone) from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not 
the obligation to deliver) that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or after 
the Issue Date and on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date.  A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence.  The Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not 
be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. A 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices set 
out in Credit Condition 4. 
Resolve has the meaning give to it in the Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be interpreted 
accordingly. 
Restructured Bond or Loan means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which 
the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
Restructuring means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a 
form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between a Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority and a sufficient number of holders of the Obligation to bind all the holders of such 
Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority 
in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, and such event is not expressly provided for under 
the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the Trade Date or, if Credit Event Backstop 
Date is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Credit Event Backstop Date and the date as of 
which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals; 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled 
redemption dates; 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (x) the payment or accrual of 
interest or (y) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination 
of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or

--- Page 222 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-81 
 
 
(e) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest or principal to any 
currency which is not a Permitted Currency. 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euro of interest or principal in relation to an Obligation denominated in a 
currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended 
by the Treaty on the European Union; 
(ii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (a) to (e) 
above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other 
technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (a) to (e) 
above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity. 
For purposes of this definition of Restructuring and the definition of Multiple Holder Obligation, the 
term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is 
acting as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, as provider of any Qualifying Guarantee.  In the case of a Qualifying 
Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in the initial paragraph of 
the definition of Restructuring shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to 
the Reference Entity in the second paragraph of this definition of Restructuring shall continue to refer 
to the Reference Entity. 
Restructuring Date means, with respect to a Restructured Bond or Loan, the date on which a 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring. 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date, provided that, 
in circumstances where the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 2.5-year Limitation Date, at least 
one Enabling Obligation exists.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the 
Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs 
prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a Latest Maturity 
Restructured Bond or Loan) and the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the final maturity date 
of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date 
will be the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
Risk Event means the occurrence or existence of (a) a Credit Event or (b) if the Issue Terms specify 
"Additional Risk Event Applicable", an Additional Risk Event, provided that no Additional Risk 
Events shall be applicable where First to Default Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms unless the Notes are Exempt Notes. 
Risk Event Determination Date means the date on which the Issuer declares that a Risk Event has 
occurred or exists pursuant to Credit Condition 5(c), 5(d) or 5(e) above. 
Risk Event Determination Period means the period from and including the Additional Risk Event 
Start Date, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, to and including the Maturity Date. 
Rules has the meaning given to that term in the definition of Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees above.

--- Page 223 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-82 
 
 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or if no 
currency is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Specified Currency of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Settlement Date means, subject to Credit Condition 2(m), the last day of the longest Physical 
Settlement Period following: 
(a) 
the satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement; or  
(b) 
if Physical Delivery is the applicable Fallback Settlement Method, (1) if Credit 
Condition 2(b)(i) above applies, the earlier to occur of the No Auction Announcement Date, 
the Auction Cut-Off Date (if the occurrence of this date were the cause of the applicability of 
the Fallback Settlement Method), the Auction Final Price Cut-off Date (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the occurrence of this date were the cause of the 
applicability of the Fallback Settlement Method) or the Calculation Agent No Auction 
Determination Date or (2) if Credit Condition 2(b)(ii) above applies, the Credit Event 
Determination Date, 
(in either case, the Scheduled Settlement Date) provided that if a Hedge Disruption Event has 
occurred and is continuing on the second Business Day immediately preceding the Scheduled 
Settlement Date, the Settlement Date shall be the earlier of (i) the second Business Day following the 
date on which no Hedge Disruption Event subsists and (ii) the day falling 60 Business Days following 
the Scheduled Settlement Date. 
Settlement/Custodial Event means (a) the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date, of 
any event, the existence of any condition or the taking of any action that results, or may result with 
the passage of time, in the Bankruptcy (as if references to "Reference Entity" were changed to 
"Custodian" for these purposes) of any Custodian or (b) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets 
owned by such Reference Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (i) fails to 
perform in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed to a Reference Investor under any 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (ii) fails to take any action when instructed to do so 
by a Reference Investor pursuant to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or 
(iii) takes any action which is contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement; in each case that affects or may affect, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the Issuer’s obligations 
with respect to the Note(s). 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority (including without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) 
thereof. 
Sovereign Agency means any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority 
(including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of a Sovereign. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a Sovereign Reference 
Entity (i) in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice has 
occurred and (ii) described by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and, subject to paragraph (C) of "(A) Interpretation of Provisions" in the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation", having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring without regard to whether the Obligation would satisfy such Deliverable Obligation 
Category or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics after such Restructuring.

--- Page 224 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-83 
 
 
Specified Number means the number of Public Source(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or 
if no number is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, two. 
Substitute Reference Obligation means one or more obligations of a Reference Entity (either directly 
or as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, as provider of any Qualifying Guarantee) that will replace one or more 
Reference Obligations in respect of such Reference Entity, identified by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following procedures:  
(a) 
In the event that: 
(i) 
a Reference Obligation in respect of such Reference Entity is redeemed in whole; or 
(ii) 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent (1) the aggregate amounts due under any 
Reference Obligation in respect of such Reference Entity have been materially 
reduced by redemption or otherwise (other than due to any scheduled redemption, 
amortisation or prepayments), (2) any Reference Obligation in respect of such 
Reference Entity is an Underlying Obligation with a Qualifying Guarantee of a 
Reference Entity and, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, 
the Qualifying Guarantee is no longer a valid and binding obligation of such 
Reference Entity enforceable in accordance with its terms or (3) for any other reason, 
other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, any Reference 
Obligation in respect of such Reference Entity is no longer an obligation of a 
Reference Entity,  
the Calculation Agent shall identify one or more Obligations to replace such Reference 
Obligation in respect of such Reference Entity. 
(b) 
Any Substitute Reference Obligation or Substitute Reference Obligations shall be an 
Obligation that (A) ranks pari passu (or, if no such Obligation exists, then, at the Issuer's 
option, an Obligation that ranks senior) in priority of payment with such Reference Obligation 
(with the ranking in priority of payment of such Reference Obligation being determined as of 
the date as of which such Reference Obligation was issued or incurred and not reflecting any 
change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date), (B) preserves the economic 
equivalent, as closely as practicable as determined by the Calculation Agent of the delivery 
and payment obligations of the Issuer and (C) is an obligation of a Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as provider of any Qualifying Guarantee).  The 
Substitute Reference Obligation or Substitute Reference Obligations identified by the 
Calculation Agent shall, without further action, replace such Reference Obligation or 
Reference Obligations. 
(c) 
If more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation in 
respect of such Reference Entity in relation to a Series, any of the events set forth in paragraph 
(a) above has occurred with respect to one or more but not all of such Reference Obligations, 
and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for 
one or more of such Reference Obligations, each such Reference Obligation for which no 
Substitute Reference Obligation is available shall cease to be a Reference Obligation. 
(d) 
If more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation in 
respect of such Reference Entity in relation to a Series, any of the events set forth in paragraph 
(a) above has occurred with respect to all of such Reference Obligations, and the Calculation 
Agent determines that at least one Substitute Reference Obligation is available for any such 
Reference Obligation, then each such Reference Obligation shall be replaced by a Substitute

--- Page 225 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-84 
 
 
Reference Obligation and each Reference Obligation for which no Substitute Reference 
Obligation is available will cease to be a Reference Obligation. 
(e) 
If: 
(i) 
more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation 
in respect of such Reference Entity in relation to a Series, any of the events set forth 
in paragraph (a) above has occurred with respect to all of such Reference Obligations 
and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is 
available for any of such Reference Obligations; or 
(ii) 
only one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation in 
relation to a Series, any of the events set forth in paragraph (a) above has occurred 
with respect to such Reference Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that 
no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for that Reference Obligation, 
then the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify a Substitute Reference 
Obligation until the later of (1) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (2) the Grace Period Extension 
Date (if any) and (3) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any).  If (x) either Cash 
Settlement is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount is determined by reference to a Reference Obligation or Physical Delivery is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and the Reference Obligation is the only Deliverable Obligation 
and (y) on or prior to the later of (l) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (2) the Grace Period 
Extension Date or (3) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, a Substitute Reference 
Obligation has not been identified, the Issuer's obligations under the Credit Linked Notes shall 
cease as of the later of (1) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (2) the Grace Period Extension Date 
or (3) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
(f) 
For the purposes of identification of a Reference Obligation, any change in the Reference 
Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of itself, convert 
such Reference Obligation into a different Obligation. 
Succession Event means (i) with respect to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, an event such 
as a merger, de-merger, consolidation, amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, spin off or other 
similar event in which one entity succeeds to the obligations of another entity, whether by operation 
of law or pursuant to any agreement or (ii) with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
event such as an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution 
or other event that results in any direct or indirect successor(s) to such Reference Entity. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, "Succession Event" shall not include an event (A) in which the holders 
of obligations of the Reference Entity exchange such obligations for the obligations of another entity, 
unless such exchange occurs in connection with a merger, demerger, consolidation, amalgamation, 
transfer of assets or liabilities, spin-off or other similar event or (B) if Succession Event Backstop Date 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, with respect to which the legally effective date 
(or, in the case of a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, the date of occurrence) has occurred prior to 
the Succession Event Backstop Date. 
Succession Event Backstop Date means (a) for purposes of any event that constitutes a Succession 
Event, as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the Succession Event 
Resolution Request Date or (b) otherwise, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) 
the date on which the Calculation Agent becomes aware of the occurrence of a Succession Event and 
(ii) in circumstances where (A) the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee to Resolve the matters described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
Succession Event Resolution Request Date are satisfied in accordance with the Rules, (B) the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine such matters and (C) the

--- Page 226 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-85 
 
 
Calculation Agent determines a Successor not more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which 
ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to determine such matters, the Succession Event Resolution Request Date. The 
Succession Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business 
Day. 
Succession Event Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to ISDA, delivered in 
accordance with the Rules, requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be 
convened to Resolve: 
(a) 
whether an event that constitutes a Succession Event has occurred with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity; and 
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that such event has 
occurred, (i) with respect to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the legally effective 
date of such event or (ii) with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, the date of the 
occurrence of such event, 
the date, as publicly announced by ISDA, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
Successor means: 
(a) 
in relation to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the entity or entities, if any, determined 
as set forth below: 
(i) 
if one entity directly or indirectly succeeds to seventy-five per cent. or more of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, that entity 
will be the sole Successor; 
(ii) 
if only one entity directly or indirectly succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. 
(but less than seventy-five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity by way of a Succession Event, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the 
entity that succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
will be the sole Successor; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each directly or indirectly succeed to more than twenty-five 
per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a Succession 
Event, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more 
than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor and 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms will be adjusted as 
provided below; 
(iv) 
if one or more entity each directly or indirectly succeed to more than twenty-five per 
cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a Succession 
Event, and more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference 
Entity will each be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Issue Terms will be adjusted as provided below; 
(v) 
if one or more entities directly or indirectly succeed to a portion of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, but no entity

--- Page 227 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-86 
 
 
succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no 
Successor and the Reference Entity will not be changed in any way as a result of the 
Succession Event;  
(vi) 
if one or more entities directly or indirectly succeed to a portion of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, but no entity 
succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds 
to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations (or, if two or more entities succeed 
to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, the entity from among those entities 
which succeeds to the greatest percentage of obligations of the Reference Entity) will 
be the sole Successor; and 
(b) 
in relation to a Sovereign Reference Entity, any direct or indirect successor(s) to that 
Reference Entity irrespective of whether such successor(s) assumes any of the obligations of 
such Reference Entity. 
In the case of paragraph (a) above, the Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon 
as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the relevant Succession Event (but no earlier than 
fourteen calendar days after the legally effective date of the Succession Event), and with effect from 
the legally effective date of the Succession Event, whether the relevant thresholds set forth above have 
been met, or which entity qualifies under paragraph (a)(vi) above, as applicable; provided that the 
Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at such time, either (A) ISDA has publicly 
announced that the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
Resolve the matters described in the definition of Successor in relation to the relevant Reference 
Entity, and in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b)(i) of the definition of Succession Event Resolution Request 
Date are satisfied in accordance with the Rules (until such time, if any, as ISDA subsequently publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to 
determine a Successor or the request the subject of the Succession Event Resolution Request Date is 
withdrawn in accordance with the Rules prior to the first meeting at which deliberations are held with 
respect to such request) or (B) ISDA has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that no event that constitutes a Succession Event with respect 
to the relevant Reference Entity has occurred, unless in either case the Calculation Agent, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and taking into account the differences between 
the definition of Successor under the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions and the definition of 
Successor hereunder and such other factor(s) as it deems appropriate, determines that it is 
inappropriate to follow such DC Resolutions for the purposes of the Notes.  In calculating the 
percentages used to determine whether the relevant thresholds set forth above have been met, or which 
entity qualifies under paragraph (a)(vi) above, as applicable, the Calculation Agent shall use, in respect 
of each applicable Relevant Obligation included in such calculation, the amount of the liability in 
respect of such Relevant Obligation listed in the Best Available Information and shall, as soon as 
practicable after such calculation, make such calculation available for inspection by Noteholder(s) at 
the specified office of the Registrar. 
In the case of (b) above, the Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the relevant Succession Event (but no earlier than 
fourteen calendar days after the date of occurrence of the relevant Succession Event), and with effect 
from the date of occurrence of the Succession Event, each Sovereign and/or entity, if any, that qualifies 
under (b) above; provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at such time, 
either (A) ISDA has publicly announced that the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to Resolve the matters described in the definition of Successor in relation 
to the relevant Reference Entity, and in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b)(ii) of the definition of Succession 
Event Resolution Request Date are satisfied in accordance with the Rules (until such time, if any, as

--- Page 228 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-87 
 
 
ISDA subsequently publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine a Successor or the request the subject of the Succession 
Event Resolution Request Date is withdrawn in accordance with the Rules prior to the first meeting at 
which deliberations are held with respect to such request) or (B) ISDA has publicly announced that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no event that constitutes 
a Succession Event with respect to the relevant Reference Entity has occurred, unless in either case 
the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and taking into 
account the differences between the definition of Successor under the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions and the definition of Successor hereunder and such other factor(s) as it deems appropriate, 
determines that it is inappropriate to follow such DC Resolutions for the purposes of the Notes. 
Where pursuant to paragraph (a)(iii) or (a)(iv) above, more than one Successor has been identified, the 
Calculation Agent shall adjust such of the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as 
it in its sole and absolute discretion acting in a commercially reasonable manner shall determine to be 
appropriate to reflect that the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one 
Successor and shall determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent shall be 
deemed to be acting in a commercially reasonable manner if it adjusts such of the Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms in such a manner as to reflect the adjustment to and/or 
division of any credit derivative transaction(s) related to or underlying the Notes under the provisions 
of the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the General Conditions, stating the adjustment to 
the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms and giving brief details of the relevant 
Succession Event. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Successor", succeed means, with respect to a Reference Entity 
and its Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), that a party other than such Reference 
Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations) 
whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement or (ii) issues Bonds that are exchanged for 
Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), and in either case such Reference Entity is no 
longer an obligor (primarily or secondarily) or guarantor with respect to such Relevant Obligations 
(or, as applicable, obligations).  The determinations required pursuant to paragraph (a) of this 
definition of "Successor" shall be made, in the case of an exchange offer, on the basis of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of Relevant Obligations tendered and accepted in the exchange and not 
on the basis of the Outstanding Principal Balance of Bonds for which Relevant Obligations have been 
exchanged. 
Where: 
(x) 
a Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(y) 
one or more Successors to the Reference Entity have been identified; and 
(z) 
any one or more such Successors have not assumed the Reference Obligation, 
a Substitute Reference Obligation will be determined in accordance with the definition of "Substitute 
Reference Obligation" above. 
Supranational Organisation means any entity or organisation established by treaty or other 
arrangement between two or more Sovereigns or the Sovereign Agencies of two or more Sovereigns, 
and includes, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central 
Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development.

--- Page 229 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-88 
 
 
Tax Deduction Amount means, in respect of a payment in respect of the Reference Investor Assets, 
an amount equal to any and all withholding(s) or deduction(s) for or on account of any taxes or duties 
(for the avoidance of doubt, whether effective at and/or after the Trade Date) of whatever nature that 
would be imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of any authority of the Reference Jurisdiction 
in respect of such payment to a Reference Investor. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means any credit derivatives auction settlement terms 
published on www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website thereto) (Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms) that the Calculation Agent determines are applicable. 
Undeliverable LA Redemption Amount means an amount (which shall not be less than, but may be 
equal to, zero) in the Settlement Currency equal to the Recovery Value less Unwind Costs, if any (but 
excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the principal amount of the 
relevant LA Settlement Assets to deliver), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the date (the 
LA Valuation Date) selected by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, which falls on any 
Business Day during the period from and including the LA Physical Settlement Date to and including 
the LA Cash Payment Date. 
Undeliverable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation included in an Asset Amount which, on 
the Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines for any reason 
(including without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, 
court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the 
Delivery of Loans) it is impossible, impracticable or illegal to Deliver on the Settlement Date. 
Underlying RMB Currency Event means any one of Underlying RMB Illiquidity, Underlying RMB 
Inconvertibility and Underlying RMB Non-Transferability. 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity means the occurrence of any event or circumstance after the Additional 
Risk Event Start Date whereby (i) the general Renminbi exchange market outside the PRC becomes 
illiquid (including, without limitation, the existence of any significant price distortion) as a result of 
which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under the Notes 
or any party to a Hedge Position would not be able to obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform 
its obligations under such Hedge Position; or (ii) it becomes impossible or impractical for the Issuer 
(or would be impossible or impractical for any party to a Hedge Position) to obtain a firm quote of the 
exchange rate, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner; 
Underlying RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date 
of any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or 
impracticable for, or has the effect prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, the 
Issuer or any party to a Hedge Position to convert any amount as may be required to be paid by any 
party on any payment date in respect of the Notes or any Hedge Position into RMB, other than where 
such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or 
any of its affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any of its affiliates, 
due to an event beyond the control of that party and/or its affiliates, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation); 
Underlying RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start 
Date of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer or (if applicable) any 
party to a Hedge Position and/or any of its affiliates to deliver RMB between accounts inside the

--- Page 230 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-89 
 
 
relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or from an account inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
to an account outside such RMB Settlement Centre(s) (including where the RMB clearing and 
settlement system for participating banks in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted or 
suspended) or from an account outside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account inside 
such RMB Settlement Centre(s), other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is 
due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any of its affiliates to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted 
after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible, impracticable or 
illegal for the relevant party and/or any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the 
relevant party and/or any of its affiliates (as applicable), to comply with such law, rule or regulation) 
Unwind Costs means the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms or if Standard Unwind 
Costs are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, fees, charges, expenses (including loss of funding), 
tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with the redemption of 
the Credit Linked Notes and (if the Issuer has elected to hedge its exposure and such hedge is held at 
the related redemption) the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any hedge or related 
trading position, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst each principal amount of Credit 
Linked Notes in the Calculation Amount. 
Valuation Date means, subject to Credit Condition 2(m), (i) where Physical Delivery is specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the day falling two Business Days after the Final Delivery 
Date, or (ii) where Cash Settlement is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, (A) if 
"Single Valuation Date" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the date that is (i) the number of 
Business Days specified in the Issue Terms or (ii), if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 
five Business Days, in either case after (x) the Credit Event Determination Date or (y) if Cash 
Settlement is the applicable Fallback Settlement Method, (1) if Credit Condition 2(b)(i) above applies, 
the earlier to occur of the No Auction Announcement Date, the Auction Cut-Off Date (if the 
occurrence of this date were the cause of the applicability of the Fallback Settlement Method), the 
Auction Final Price Cut-off Date (if the occurrence of this date were the cause of the applicability of 
the Fallback Settlement Method) or the Calculation Agent No Auction Determination Date or (2) if 
Credit Condition 2(b)(ii) above applies, the Credit Event Determination Date, and (B) if "Multiple 
Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each of the following dates: 
(a) 
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms after (x) 
the Credit Event Determination Date or (y) if Cash Settlement is the applicable Fallback 
Settlement Method, (1) if Credit Condition 2(b)(i) above applies, the earlier to occur of the 
No Auction Announcement Date, the Auction Cut-Off Date (if the occurrence of this date 
were the cause of the applicability of the Fallback Settlement Method), the Auction Final Price 
Cut-off Date (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if the occurrence of 
this date were the cause of the applicability of the Fallback Settlement Method) or the 
Calculation Agent No Auction Determination Date or (2) if Credit Condition 2(b)(ii) above 
applies, the Credit Event Determination Date (or in either case if the number of Business Days 
is not specified, five Business Days); and 
(b) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (or if the number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) after the 
date on which the Calculation Agent obtains a Market Value with respect to the immediately 
preceding Valuation Date. 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the total number of 
Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, five Valuation Dates).

--- Page 231 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-90 
 
 
If neither Single Valuation Date nor Multiple Valuation Dates is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, Single Valuation Date shall apply. 
Valuation Method: 
(i) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms for a Series 
with only one Reference Obligation and only one Valuation Date: 
(A) 
Market means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date; or 
(B) 
Highest means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date. 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Method 
shall be Highest. 
(ii) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms for a Series 
with only one Reference Obligation and more than one Valuation Date: 
(A) 
Average Market means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date; or 
(B) 
Highest means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to any Valuation Date; or 
(C) 
Average Highest means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date. 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Method 
shall be Average Highest. 
(iii) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms for a Series 
with more than one Reference Obligation and only one Valuation Date: 
(A) 
Blended Market means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Value for 
each Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to the 
Valuation Date; or 
(B) 
Blended Highest means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent for each Reference Obligation with respect to the 
Valuation Date. 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Method 
shall be Blended Highest. 
(iv) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms for a Series 
with more than one Reference Obligation and more than one Valuation Date: 
(A) 
Average Blended Market means, using values with respect to each Valuation Date 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Blended Market 
Valuation Method, the unweighted arithmetic mean of the values so determined with 
respect to each Valuation Date; or 
(B) 
Average Blended Highest means, using values with respect to each Valuation Date 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Blended Highest 
Valuation Method, the unweighted arithmetic mean of the values so determined with 
respect to each Valuation Date.

--- Page 232 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-91 
 
 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Method 
shall be Average Blended Highest. 
(v) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (i) to (iv) above, if Quotations include Weighted Average 
Quotations or fewer than two Full Quotations, the Valuation Method shall be Market, Average 
Market, Blended Market or Average Blended Market, as the case may be. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no time is so 
specified, 11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Reference Obligation. 
Weighted Average Quotation means in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted average 
of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, each for an amount of the Reference Obligation with an outstanding principal balance of 
as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount (but, if a Minimum Quotation Amount 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, of a size equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount or, if 
quotations of a size equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount are not available, quotations as near in 
size as practicable to the Minimum Quotation Amount) that in aggregate are approximately equal to 
the Quotation Amount. 
8. 
AMENDMENT OF CREDIT CONDITIONS AND ISSUE TERMS IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
MARKET CONVENTION 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of these Credit Conditions and the 
applicable Issue Terms in any manner which the Calculation Agent determines in a commercially 
reasonable manner is necessary or desirable from the perspective of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or any Affiliate of the Issuer hedging the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes (i) to incorporate 
and/or reflect (x) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time published by or on 
behalf of ISDA with respect to the documentation, trading or settlement of credit derivative 
transactions and/or (y) the operation or application of determinations by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and/or (ii) to reflect or account for market practice for credit derivative 
transactions.  Any amendment made in accordance with this Credit Condition 8 shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the General Conditions.

--- Page 233 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-92 
 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 DEFINITIONS) 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Notes are Credit 
Linked Notes and that the provisions of this Schedule apply. 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect of 
Credit Linked Notes where Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Definitions) is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
1. 
INTEREST PROVISIONS 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, the following shall apply as 
a new Condition 21 of the General Conditions:  
"(21) 
Accrual of Interest. 
Each Credit Linked Note shall cease to bear interest from the expiry of the day preceding the 
day on which it is due for redemption (unless interest is not provided to be payable on such 
redemption under the Conditions) unless, other than in the case of a Note for which LA Interest 
is specified as applicable or Accrual is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms (each a Non-Accruing Note), payment of principal and/or delivery of all assets 
deliverable is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest shall continue to accrue 
on the outstanding principal amount of such Credit Linked Note from (and including) the due 
date for redemption until (but excluding) the earlier of (i) the date on which all amounts due 
in respect of such Credit Linked Note have been paid and/or all assets deliverable in respect 
of such Credit Linked Note have been delivered, and (ii) five days after the date on which the 
full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Credit Linked Note has been received 
by the Fiscal Agent and/or all assets in respect of such Credit Linked Note have been received 
by an agent appointed by the Issuer to deliver such assets to Noteholders and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the General 
Conditions at the Interest Rate applicable in respect of the last occurring Interest Period, 
provided that: 
(i) 
subject as provided in paragraph (ii) below, each Note shall cease to bear interest from 
the Interest Period End Date or, in the case of a Non-Accruing Note, Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Credit Event Determination Date or, in the case of an 
LA Credit Linked Note, Risk Event Determination Date, or if the Credit Event 
Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date (as applicable) is an Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date (as applicable) such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, provided that if the Credit Event Determination Date 
or Risk Event Determination Date (as applicable) falls prior to the first Interest Period 
End Date or Interest Payment Date (as applicable), no interest shall be payable in 
respect of the Notes;  
(ii) 
subject to the provisions of Credit Conditions 3(e), 3(f) and 3(g) below, if DC 
Determinations is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and a Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date occurs during an Interest Period but a Credit Event 
Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Interest Payment Date in 
respect of such Interest Period (unless on or prior to such Interest Payment Date (w) 
a DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect thereto, (x) a DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal occurs with respect thereto, (y) the requisite number of 
Convened DC Voting Members (as defined in the DC Rules) have not agreed to 
deliberate the issue within the requisite time period or (z) the request the subject of

--- Page 234 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-93 
 
 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has been withdrawn in accordance with the 
DC Rules prior to the first meeting at which deliberations are held with respect to such 
request), no interest will be payable in respect of the Notes on that Interest Payment 
Date, notwithstanding that a Credit Event Determination Date has not then occurred.  
If a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the next Interest Period, the interest that would otherwise 
have been payable on the Interest Payment Date for the earlier Interest Period will be 
payable on the Interest Payment Date for that next Interest Period and interest will 
continue to be payable as provided herein thereafter.  No further or other amount in 
respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in 
respect of such delay;  
(iii) 
if Credit Condition 3(e)(i), 3(f)(i) or 3(g)(I) below applies in respect of the Notes then 
interest will accrue as provided in Credit Condition 3(e), 3(f) or 3(g) below, as the 
case may be; and 
(iv) 
in the case of a Non-Accruing Note redeemed pursuant to Condition 5(b), Condition 
5(e), Condition 5(f) or Condition 9 of the General Conditions, Condition 1.5 of the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule or Credit Condition 3(j) or Credit Condition 11 
below, interest will accrue as provided in Credit Condition 5(b)(v) or Condition 
2.1(a)(v) of the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, as applicable." 
2. 
INTERPRETATION 
Any references in these Credit Conditions to ISDA will include any other entity which succeeds to or 
is performing functions previously undertaken by ISDA in relation to Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and references to Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees in 
relation to ISDA will include any successor thereto and the Calculation Agent may make such 
adjustments to these Credit Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms as it determines appropriate to 
account for the application of these provisions. 
Any references in this Underlying Schedule 2 to an Auction, Convened DC Voting Members, Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, DC 
Resolution, DC Rules, DC Secretary Announcement or Resolution (in each case howsoever described) 
shall be deemed to be only to that which would be relevant or applicable under or in relation to credit 
derivatives transactions incorporating the 2014 Definitions. 
In the case of Notes for which more than one Reference Entity is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, all references to "the Reference Entity" herein shall be construed to refer to the Reference 
Entity in respect of which the relevant determination falls to be made at any relevant time and all 
related provisions and determinations will be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt no Notes will be considered frustrated, or otherwise void or voidable 
(whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
any relevant Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade 
Date; and/or 
(b) 
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or cease to 
exist on or following, the Trade Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the application of any of Credit Conditions 3(e) (Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension), 3(f) (Grace Period Extension), 3(g) (Maturity Date Extension) or 3(m) (DC Settlement 
Suspension) below shall not preclude the application of any other such Credit Condition either

--- Page 235 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-94 
 
 
contemporaneously or subsequently and in the event that any such Credit Conditions are inconsistent 
or the Calculation Agent becomes entitled to exercise a discretion under one or more of such Credit 
Conditions, the Calculation Agent may elect in its discretion which Credit Condition shall apply and 
under which Credit Condition or Credit Conditions it shall exercise its discretion. 
3. 
REDEMPTION PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Condition 5(a) of the General Conditions will be replaced by the following: 
"(a) 
Redemption at Maturity.  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with these 
Conditions and subject as provided in Credit Conditions 3(b), 3(c), 3(d) and, in respect 
of LA Credit Linked Notes, Credit Condition 6, each principal amount of Notes equal 
to the Calculation Amount will be redeemed on the Maturity Date by payment of the 
Redemption Amount."  
(b) 
Auction Settlement. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if Auction Settlement is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Settlement Method and a Credit Event 
Determination Date occurs, the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the General Conditions and redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each 
principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount being redeemed by the Issuer at 
the Credit Event Redemption Amount on the Credit Event Redemption Date, provided that if 
the relevant Credit Event Determination Date is subsequently deemed not to have occurred in 
accordance with the definition thereof in Credit Condition 8 below, the redemption of the 
Notes shall be cancelled and the Notes shall continue in accordance with their terms as if the 
relevant Credit Event Determination Date had not occurred, subject to such adjustments as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to reflect the 
retrospective effect of this proviso (including, without limitation, adjusting the due date for 
payment of any amount payable under the Notes).  The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the General Conditions that the relevant 
Credit Event Determination Date is deemed not to have occurred as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
If: 
(i) 
unless settlement has occurred in accordance with the paragraph above, a Credit Event 
Determination Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition thereof and, 
subject to Credit Condition 3(m): 
(I) 
on or prior to the Auction Cut-Off Date, the DC Secretary publicly announces, 
with respect to a Credit Event, that (a) no Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published in relation to obligations of appropriate 
seniority of the Reference Entity (b) the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms will be published following a prior public announcement 
by the DC Secretary to the contrary (the date on which the DC Secretary first 
makes either such announcement, the No Auction Announcement Date);

--- Page 236 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-95 
 
 
(II) 
on or prior to the Auction Cut-Off Date, no No Auction Announcement Date 
has occurred but the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has not determined that one or more Auctions will be held in accordance with 
any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in relation to obligations of 
appropriate seniority of the Reference Entity; 
(III) 
on or prior to the Auction Cut-Off Date, an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(IV) 
on or prior to the Auction Cut-Off Date the Calculation Agent determines that 
it is not reasonably likely that an Auction will be held in accordance with any 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in relation to obligations of 
appropriate seniority of the Reference Entity and gives notice of such to the 
Issuer (the date on which the Calculation Agent gives such notice, the 
Calculation Agent No Auction Determination Date); or  
(V) 
on or prior to the Auction Final Price Cut-Off Date (if specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms), the Auction Final Price is not determined in 
accordance with the relevant Auction: or  
(ii) 
a Credit Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition thereof (and subject to the rest of the provisions of that definition), 
then: 
(x) 
if Cash Settlement is specified as the applicable Fallback Settlement Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in accordance with Credit 
Condition 3(c) below; or 
(y) 
if Physical Delivery is specified as the applicable Fallback Settlement Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in accordance with Credit 
Condition 3(d) below.  
If a Credit Event Determination Date occurs and the Notes become redeemable in 
accordance with this Credit Condition 3(b), upon payment of the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Notes the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of 
the Notes and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The 
Credit Event Redemption Amount may be less than the principal amount of a Note. Any 
shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer.  
(c) 
Cash Settlement of Credit Linked Notes 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if Cash Settlement is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Settlement Method or if Credit Condition 3(b)(x) 
above applies and, subject to Credit Condition 3(m), a Credit Event Determination Date 
occurs, the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
General Conditions and redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Notes, each 
principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount being redeemed by 
the Issuer at the Credit Event Redemption Amount on the Credit Event Redemption Date, 
provided that if the relevant Credit Event Determination Date is subsequently deemed not to 
have occurred in accordance with the definition thereof in Credit Condition 8 below, the 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes shall be cancelled and the Credit Linked Notes shall 
continue in accordance with their terms as if the relevant Credit Event Determination Date 
had not occurred, subject to such adjustments as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate 
in its sole and absolute discretion to reflect the retrospective effect of this proviso (including,

--- Page 237 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-96 
 
 
without limitation, adjusting the due date for payment of any amount payable under the Credit 
Linked Notes). The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 of the General Conditions that the relevant Credit Event Determination Date is deemed not 
to have occurred as soon as practicable thereafter.  
If a Credit Event Determination Date occurs and the Notes become redeemable in 
accordance with this Credit Condition 3(c), upon payment of the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Notes the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of 
the Notes and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The 
Credit Event Redemption Amount may be less than the principal amount of a Note. Any 
shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Physical Settlement of Credit Linked Notes 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if Physical Delivery is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Settlement Method or if 
Credit Condition 3(b)(ii)(y) above applies and, subject to Credit Condition 3(m), a 
Credit Event Determination Date occurs, the Issuer shall give notice (such notice a 
Notice of Physical Settlement) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
of the General Conditions and redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked 
Notes, each principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount 
being redeemed by Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising an Asset 
Amount, subject to and in accordance with Credit Conditions 3(h) and 3(i) below, 
provided that if the relevant Credit Event Determination Date is subsequently deemed 
not to have occurred in accordance with the definition thereof in Credit Condition 8 
below, the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes shall be cancelled and the Credit 
Linked Notes shall continue in accordance with their terms as if the relevant Credit 
Event Determination Date had not occurred, subject to such adjustments as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to reflect 
the retrospective effect of this proviso (including, without limitation, adjusting the 
due date for payment of any amount payable under the Credit Linked Notes). The 
Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
General Conditions that the relevant Credit Event Determination Date is deemed not 
to have occurred as soon as practicable thereafter. 
In the Notice of Physical Settlement the Issuer shall specify the Deliverable 
Obligations comprising an Asset Amount that it reasonably expects to Deliver and the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, or the 
equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency (in each case, the Outstanding 
Amount) and, if different, the face amount, of each such Deliverable Obligation and 
the aggregate Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligations (the Aggregate 
Outstanding Amount). For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
select any of the Deliverable Obligations to constitute any Asset Amount, 
irrespective of their market value. 
The Issuer may, from time to time, amend a Notice of Physical Settlement by 
delivering a notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the General 
Conditions (each such notification, a Physical Settlement Amendment Notice) that 
the Issuer is replacing, in whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, as applicable (to the extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation 
has not been Delivered as of the date such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice is 
effective).  A Physical Settlement Amendment Notice shall specify each replacement 
Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer will Deliver (each, a Replacement Deliverable

--- Page 238 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-97 
 
 
Obligation) and shall also specify the Outstanding Amount of each Deliverable 
Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced (with respect to 
each such Deliverable Obligation, the Replaced Deliverable Obligation 
Outstanding Amount).  The Outstanding Amount of each Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation identified in a Physical Settlement Amendment Notice shall be determined 
by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount.  The Outstanding Amount of the Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation(s) specified in any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice in 
aggregate with the Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable Obligation(s) specified in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement or any earlier Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice which, in each case, are not being replaced must not be greater than the 
Aggregate Outstanding Amount.  Each such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice 
must be effective on or prior to the Settlement Date (determined without reference to 
any change resulting from such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Issuer may correct any errors or inconsistencies 
contained in the Physical Settlement Notice or any Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, by notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of 
the General Conditions, prior to the relevant Delivery Date and (ii) if Asset Package 
Delivery is applicable, the Issuer shall on the NOPS Effective Date, or as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter (but in any case, prior to the Delivery Date), notify 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the General Conditions of the 
detailed description of the Asset Package, if any, that the Issuer intends to Deliver in 
lieu of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, it being understood in each case that any such notice shall not constitute a 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice. 
(ii) 
If "Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and Restructuring 
is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice or the subject of the DC 
Resolution resulting in the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation 
and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention a Deliverable 
Obligation may only be included in an Asset Amount if it (i) is a Fully Transferable 
Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery 
Date. 
(iii) 
If "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and 
Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice or the subject 
of the DC Resolution resulting in the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention a 
Deliverable Obligation may be included in an Asset Amount only if it (i) is a 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than 
the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of 
both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
for purposes of this paragraph (iii), in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a 
final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date 
of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or 
the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant 
Restructuring.

--- Page 239 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-98 
 
 
(iv) 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to paragraphs (ii) or (iii) above 
or the definition of Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, final maturity date shall, 
subject to paragraph (iii), be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable 
Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a 
Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed 
to be the date on which such determination is made. 
(v) 
Asset Package Delivery will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) 
such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date 
determined in respect of the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC 
Credit Event Announcement applicable to the relevant Credit Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package 
Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date occurs and the Credit Linked Notes become 
redeemable in accordance with this Credit Condition 3(d), upon Delivery of the Deliverable 
Obligations Deliverable and/or payment of the Cash Settlement Amounts, as the case may 
be, in respect of the Notes, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the 
Notes and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof.  The 
value of such Deliverable Obligations and/or the Cash Settlement Amount may be less than 
the principal amount outstanding of a Note.  Any shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders 
and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
(e) 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Where Repudiation/Moratorium is specified as a Credit Event in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the provisions of this Credit Condition 3(e) shall apply. 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred or, in the case of LA Credit Linked 
Notes, a Risk Event Determination Date has not occurred, in either case on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date but the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has been 
satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if Credit Condition 3(g)(ii) applies, 
the Postponed Maturity Date (as defined below) and the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date in respect of such Potential Repudiation Moratorium will in the sole determination of the 
Calculation Agent, fall after the Scheduled Maturity Date, then the Calculation Agent shall 
notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the General Conditions that a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and: 
(i) 
where (A) a Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or (B) in the case of Notes which are not 
LA Credit Linked Notes, a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date but a Credit Event Determination Date has 
not occurred: 
(I) 
each principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the third Business Day following (x) the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date or, if Credit Condition 3(g)(ii) applies and if later, (y) the 
Postponed Maturity Date; and 
(II) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged 
to pay interest calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) 
the Interest Period End Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity 
Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the

--- Page 240 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-99 
 
 
Scheduled Maturity Date or, in the case of Non-Accruing Notes, in respect of 
the Interest Payment Date falling on the Maturity Date but shall only be 
obliged to make such payment of interest on the third Business Day following 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, as the case may be, 
Postponed Maturity Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest 
shall be payable and no additional interest or other amount shall be payable 
in respect of such delay; or 
(ii) 
where 
a 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
has 
occurred 
on 
or 
prior 
to 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date and (x) a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred, the provisions of Credit Conditions 3(b), 3(c) or 3(d), as applicable, 
shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes or (y) a Risk Event Determination Date has 
occurred, the provisions of Credit Conditions 6(c), 6(d) or 6(e), as applicable, shall 
apply to the Credit Linked Notes and in either case the provisions of Condition 21 of 
the General Conditions shall apply for which purposes the Credit Event Determination 
Date or Risk Event Determination Date (as applicable) shall be deemed to be the day 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(f) 
Grace Period Extension 
If "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
provisions of this Credit Condition 3(f) shall apply: 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred or, in the case of LA Credit Linked 
Notes, a Risk Event Determination Date has not occurred, in either case on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date but a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or 
more Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (and such Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at the Scheduled 
Maturity Date), then: 
(i) 
where (A) a Failure to Pay has not occurred as a result of such Potential Failure to 
Pay becoming a Failure to Pay on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date or (B) 
in the case of Notes which are not LA Credit Linked Notes, a Failure to Pay has 
occurred as a result of such Potential Failure to Pay becoming a Failure to Pay on or 
prior to the Grace Period Extension Date but a Credit Event Determination Date has 
not occurred: 
(A) 
each principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the third Business Day (the Delayed Payment Date) following 
the later of the date on which, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Issuer, 
such Potential Failure to Pay is no longer occurring and the Grace Period 
Extension Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged 
to pay interest calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) 
the Interest Period End Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity 
Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or, in the case of Non-Accruing Notes, in respect of 
the Interest Payment Date falling on the Maturity Date but shall only be 
obliged to make such payment of interest on the Delayed Payment Date and 
no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no 
additional interest or other amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; 
or

--- Page 241 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-100 
 
 
(ii) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred as a result of such Potential Failure to Pay on or 
prior to the Grace Period Extension Date in relation to such Potential Failure to Pay 
and (x) a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Credit 
Conditions 3(b), 3(c) or 3(d), as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes or 
(y) a Risk Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Credit Conditions 
6(c), 6(d) or 6(e), as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes, and in either 
case the provisions of Condition 21 of the General Conditions shall apply for which 
purposes the Credit Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date (as 
applicable) shall be deemed to be the day immediately preceding the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Maturity Date Extension 
If: 
(i) 
on (A) the Scheduled Maturity Date or, (B) if applicable, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date, or (C) if Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Grace Period Extension Date, as the case may be, a Credit 
Event Determination Date or, in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes, a Risk Event 
Determination Date has not occurred, but, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a 
Credit Event or Risk Event may have occurred; or 
(ii) 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium may have occurred, 
the Calculation Agent may notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
General Conditions that redemption of the Notes has been postponed to a date (such date the 
Postponed Maturity Date) specified in such notice falling 90 calendar days after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or the Grace Period 
Extension Date, as the case may be, or if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Business Day and: 
(I) 
where in the case of Credit Condition 3(g)(i) a Credit Event Determination Date has 
not occurred or a Risk Event Determination Date has not occurred, in either case on 
or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date, or, in the case of Credit Condition 3(g)(ii), 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is not satisfied on or prior to the 
Postponed Maturity Date: 
(A) 
subject as provided below each principal amount of Credit Linked Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer by payment 
of the Redemption Amount on the Postponed Maturity Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged 
to pay interest calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) 
the Interest Period End Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity 
Date (or if none the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or, in the case of Non-Accruing Notes, in respect of 
the Interest Payment Date falling on the Maturity Date but shall only be 
obliged to make such payment of interest on the Postponed Maturity Date and 
no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no 
additional interest or other amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; 
or

--- Page 242 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-101 
 
 
(II) 
where: 
(A) 
in the case of Credit Condition 3(g)(i) a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred or a Risk Event Determination Date has occurred, in either case on 
or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date, the provisions of Credit Conditions 
3(b), 3(c), 3(d), 6(c), 6(d) or 6(e) as applicable shall apply to the Credit Linked 
Notes and in either case the provisions of Condition 21 of the General 
Conditions shall apply for which purposes the Credit Event Determination 
Date or Risk Event Determination Date (as applicable) shall be deemed to be 
the day immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(B) 
in the case of Credit Condition 3(g)(ii) the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Condition is satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date, 
the provisions of Credit Condition 3(e) shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes. 
(h) 
Physical Delivery 
(i) 
If any Credit Linked Note is to be redeemed by Delivery of an Asset Amount, in order 
to obtain Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Asset Amount(s) in 
respect of any Credit Linked Note: 
(I) 
if such Credit Linked Note is represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate, the relevant Noteholder must deliver a duly completed Asset 
Transfer Notice (as defined below) (x) in respect of Notes cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent or (y) in 
respect of Notes cleared through DTC, to the Fiscal Agent, not later than the 
close of business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(II) 
if such Credit Linked Note is in definitive form, the relevant Noteholder must 
deliver to the Registrar or any Paying Agent, in each case with a copy to the 
Issuer, not later than the close of business in each place of reception on the 
Cut-Off Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a duly completed Asset 
Transfer Notice. 
Forms of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours 
from the specified office of any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered, if such Credit Linked Note is 
represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, in such manner as is acceptable 
to the Relevant Clearing System, or if such Credit Linked Note is in definitive form, 
in writing or by tested telex. 
If the Credit Linked Note is in definitive form, such Credit Linked Note must be 
delivered together with the duly completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
An Asset Transfer Notice must: 
(A) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the relevant 
Noteholder, the person from whom the Issuer may obtain details for the 
Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Asset Amount(s) and 
any details required for Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising 
the Asset Amount(s) set out in the applicable Issue Terms;

--- Page 243 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-102 
 
 
(B) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate, specify the Series number and principal amount of Credit Linked 
Notes which are the subject of such notice and the number of the Noteholder's 
account at the Relevant Clearing System, to be debited with such Credit 
Linked Notes and irrevocably instruct and authorise the Relevant Clearing 
System, to debit the relevant Noteholder's account with such Credit Linked 
Notes on or before the Settlement Date; 
(C) 
include an undertaking to pay all Delivery Expenses and, in the case of Credit 
Linked Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, an 
authority to debit a specified account of the Noteholder at the Relevant 
Clearing System, in respect thereof and to pay such Delivery Expenses; 
(D) 
specify an account to which any amounts payable pursuant to Credit 
Condition 3(i) or any other cash amounts specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as being payable are to be paid;  
(E) 
certify either (i) in respect of Notes represented by a Regulation S Global 
Registered Note Certificate, that the beneficial owner of each Note the subject 
of the relevant Asset Transfer Notice is not a U.S. person (as defined in the 
Asset Transfer Notice), the Note is not being redeemed within the United 
States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property 
have been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any redemption 
thereof or (ii) in respect of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Registered Note Certificate, that the beneficial owner of each Note the subject 
of the relevant Asset Transfer Notice is a QIB; and 
(F) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the Relevant 
Clearing System, the Registrar or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, as provided 
above.  After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Noteholder may not 
transfer the Credit Linked Notes which are the subject of such notice. 
Upon receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice, (x) in respect of Notes cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Relevant Clearing System or (y) in 
respect of Notes cleared through DTC, the Fiscal Agent shall verify that the person 
specified therein as the accountholder is the holder of the Notes described therein 
according to its records.  Subject thereto, in respect of Notes cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Relevant Clearing System will confirm 
to the Fiscal Agent the Series number and principal amount of Notes the subject of 
such notice, the relevant account details and the details for the delivery of the Asset 
Amount(s) in respect of each Note the subject of such notice.  Upon receipt of such 
confirmation or, in respect of Notes cleared through DTC, upon receipt of an Asset 
Transfer Notice, the Fiscal Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. 
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice is duly completed and in 
proper form shall be made (x) in respect of Notes cleared through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, by the Relevant Clearing System in consultation with the 
Fiscal Agent and the Issuer or (y) in respect of Notes cleared through DTC, by the 
Fiscal Agent, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and 
the relevant Noteholder.  Subject as set out below, any Asset Transfer Notice so

--- Page 244 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-103 
 
 
determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or, in respect of Notes cleared 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, which is not copied to the Fiscal 
Agent immediately after being delivered or sent to the Relevant Clearing System, as 
provided above, shall be null and void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of (x) in 
respect of Notes cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Relevant 
Clearing System in consultation with the Fiscal Agent or (y) in respect of Notes 
cleared through DTC, the Fiscal Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Asset Transfer 
Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered (x) in respect of Notes 
cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg to the Relevant Clearing 
System and the Fiscal Agent or (y) in respect of Notes cleared through DTC, to the 
Fiscal Agent. 
The Fiscal Agent shall use reasonable endeavours promptly to notify the Noteholder 
submitting an Asset Transfer Notice if it has been determined, as provided above, that 
such Asset Transfer Notice is incomplete or not in proper form.  In the absence of 
negligence or wilful default on its part, none of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the 
Paying Agents, the Agents, the Calculation Agent and the Relevant Clearing System 
shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken 
by it in connection with such determination or the notification of such determination 
to a Noteholder. 
Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Asset Amount in respect of 
each Credit Linked Note shall be made at the risk of the relevant Noteholder in such 
commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent shall in its sole discretion 
determine and notify to the person designated by the Noteholder in the relevant Asset 
Transfer Notice or in such manner as is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
If a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein on or prior 
to the Cut-Off Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer, will, subject 
as provided above, Deliver the Deliverable Obligations constituting Asset Amount(s) 
in respect of the relevant Credit Linked Notes as soon as practicable after the receipt 
of the duly completed Asset Transfer Notice, provided that if, in respect of a Credit 
Linked Note, a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice prior to the day 
falling 180 calendar days after the Cut-Off Date, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of 
such Credit Linked Notes shall be discharged and the Issuer shall have no liability in 
respect thereof. 
Where the Issuer has an obligation to deliver any asset, including the Deliverable 
Obligations comprising the Asset Amount, to a Noteholder, the Issuer may (i) deliver 
the relevant asset to an Affiliate of the Issuer (an Intermediary) and (ii) procure that 
the relevant Intermediary deliver the relevant asset to the Noteholder. Delivery by the 
Intermediary of the relevant asset to the Noteholder’s specified account shall 
discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Note. 
(ii) 
If any Credit Linked Note represented by a Rule 144A Global Registered Note 
Certificate is to be redeemed by Delivery of Asset Amount(s), the relevant provisions 
relating to such Delivery shall be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(iii) 
All Delivery Expenses arising from the Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Asset Amount(s) in respect of such Credit Linked Notes shall be for 
the account of the relevant Noteholder and no Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations

--- Page 245 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-104 
 
 
comprising the Asset Amount(s) shall be made until all Delivery Expenses have been 
paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer by the relevant Noteholder. 
(iv) 
After Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Asset Amount and for 
the Intervening Period, none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any other person 
shall at any time (A) be under any obligation to deliver, or procure delivery, to any 
Noteholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, except as 
provided herein, payment whatsoever received by that person in respect of the 
securities or obligations included in such Asset Amount, (B) be under any obligation 
to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights attaching to such securities or 
obligations included in such Asset Amount or (C) be under any liability to a 
Noteholder in respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder may sustain or 
suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being registered during 
such Intervening Period as legal owner of such securities or obligations included in 
such Asset Amount. 
(v) 
In relation to each Deliverable Obligation constituting an Asset Amount the Issuer 
will Deliver or procure the Delivery of the relevant Deliverable Obligation as 
provided below on the Settlement Date, provided that if all or some of the Deliverable 
Obligations included in such Asset Amount are Undeliverable Obligations and/or 
Hedge Disruption Obligations, then the Issuer shall continue to attempt to Deliver all 
or a portion of such Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as 
the case may be, on or prior to the 30th Business Day following the Settlement Date 
(the Final Delivery Date), 
provided further that if all or a portion of such Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption 
Obligations, as the case may be, are not Delivered by the Final Delivery Date the provisions 
of Credit Condition 3(i) shall apply. 
References in these Credit Conditions to Hedge Disruption Obligations shall be 
disregarded in relation to the Credit Linked Notes if the applicable Issue Terms specified 
"Hedge Disruption Event" as Not Applicable. 
(i) 
Partial Cash Settlement 
If all or a portion of the Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligations 
comprising an Asset Amount are not Delivered by the Final Delivery Date, the Issuer shall 
give notice (a Cash Settlement Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
of the General Conditions and the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Undeliverable Obligation 
or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, the Cash Settlement Amount on the Cash 
Settlement Date. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, for the purposes of this 
Credit Condition 3(i) the following terms shall be defined as follows: 
Cash Settlement Amount means, for each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
greater of (i) (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance, the Due and Payable Amount or the 
Currency Amount, as applicable, of each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, multiplied by (B) the Final Price with respect to such 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, determined as provided in these 
Credit Conditions and for which purposes Reference Obligation Final Price is deemed to be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, less (C) Unwind Costs, if any (but excluding any 
Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the relevant Asset Amount), and (ii)

--- Page 246 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-105 
 
 
zero, Provided That where (x) a relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation forms part of the Asset Package and (y) the Calculation Agent determines in its 
sole and absolute discretion that a Final Price cannot be reasonably determined in respect of 
such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, then the Cash Settlement 
Amount shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion equal to the fair market value of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation (determined by reference to such source(s) as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate) less Unwind Costs, if any (but excluding any Unwind Costs already 
taken into account in calculating the relevant Asset Amount) and may be zero. 
Cash Settlement Date means, subject to Credit Condition 3(m), the date falling three 
Business Days after the calculation of the Final Price. 
Indicative Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably 
practicable) an amount of the Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as 
the case may be, equal to the Quotation Amount, which reflects such Quotation Dealer's 
reasonable assessment of the price of such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, based on such factors as such Quotation Dealer may consider 
relevant, which may include historical prices and recovery rates. 
Market Value means, with respect to an Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, on a Valuation Date, (i) if more than three Full Quotations are 
obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations 
having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the 
same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be 
disregarded); (ii) if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotations remaining 
after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest 
Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (iii) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the 
arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; (iv) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained 
and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; (v) if 
Indicative Quotations are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and exactly 
three Indicative Quotations are obtained, the Indicative Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Indicative Quotations (and, if more than one such 
Indicative Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Indicative Quotations shall be disregarded); (vi) if fewer than two Full Quotations are 
obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained (and, if Indicative Quotations are 
applicable, fewer than three Indicative Quotations are obtained) then, subject to paragraph (ii) 
of the definition of "Quotation" below, an amount that the Calculation Agent shall determine 
on the next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average 
Quotation or, if applicable, three Indicative Quotations are obtained; and (vii) if fewer than 
two Full Quotations are obtained, no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained (and, if 
Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer than three Indicative Quotations are obtained) on 
the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable 
Valuation Date, the Market Value shall be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation 
Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, 
the weighted average of any firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) for the 
Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, obtained 
from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with respect to the 
aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a 
quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm 
quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) were not obtained on such day.

--- Page 247 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-106 
 
 
Quotation means each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation and, if Indicative 
Quotations are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, each Indicative Quotation 
obtained and expressed as a percentage of the Undeliverable Obligation's or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation's, as the case may be, Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers.  If the Calculation Agent is 
unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within 
three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day 
(and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day 
following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain 
Full Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers, and, if two or more Full 
Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation.  If two or more such 
Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not available on any such 
Business Day and Indicative Quotations are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain three Indicative Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation (or, if Indicative Quotations are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, three Indicative Quotations) on the same Business Day on or 
prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date, the 
Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation 
Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is 
obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative 
Quotations) for the Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the 
case may be, obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for 
which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the 
balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations (or, if applicable, 
Indicative Quotations) were not obtained on such day. 
(iii) 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with the specification or determination 
made pursuant to Credit Condition 10 below. 
Quotation Amount means, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation or 
Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, an amount equal to the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency, which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially 
reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant 
Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligations, as the case may be. 
Quotation Method means Bid. 
Reference Obligation means each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligations, as the case may be. 
Valuation Method means Highest unless fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained or a 
Weighted Average Quotation applies (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations), in which case 
"Valuation Method" is deemed to be Market.

--- Page 248 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-107 
 
 
Valuation Time is the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if no such 
time is specified, 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Undeliverable Obligation 
or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be). 
Weighted Average Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the 
weighted average of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, 
to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Undeliverable Obligation or 
Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as available but less than the 
Quotation Amount that in aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
(j) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes following a Merger Event 
If this Credit Condition 3(j) is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in the 
event that in the determination of the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred, the 
Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the General 
Conditions and redeem the Credit Linked Notes at the Early Redemption Amount on the 
Merger Event Redemption Date. 
(k) 
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring 
If this Credit Condition 3(k) is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions, upon the occurrence 
of a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver a Credit Event Notice or the Issuer may deliver a 
Risk Event Notice, as applicable, with respect to such Restructuring in respect of an 
amount (the Partial Redemption Amount) that is less than the principal amount 
outstanding of each Credit Linked Note immediately prior to the delivery of such 
Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, provided that if the Credit Event Notice or 
Risk Event Notice does not specify a Partial Redemption Amount, the Credit Event 
Notice or Risk Event Notice will be deemed to apply to the full principal amount 
outstanding of each Note.  If this paragraph (i) applies, the provisions of these Credit 
Conditions shall be deemed to apply to the Partial Redemption Amount only and each 
such Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed in part (such redeemed part being equal 
to the Partial Redemption Amount). 
(ii) 
For the avoidance of doubt (A) the principal amount of each such Credit Linked Note 
not so redeemed in part shall remain outstanding and interest shall be payable in 
respect of the principal amount outstanding of such Credit Linked Note as provided 
herein or in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule as applicable (adjusted in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines to be 
appropriate), (B) the provisions of these Credit Conditions shall apply to such 
principal amount outstanding of such Credit Linked Note in the event that subsequent 
Credit Event Notices or Risk Event Notices are delivered in respect of the Reference 
Entity that was the subject of the Restructuring and (C) further Credit Event Notices 
or Risk Event Notices may be delivered in respect of the Reference Entity that was 
the subject of the Restructuring.  The Issuer may also instruct the Calculation Agent 
to determine what other adjustments should be made to these Terms and Conditions 
to reflect such partial redemption. Notice of such adjustments shall be given to the 
Noteholders pursuant to Condition 13 of the General Conditions. 
(iii) 
If the provisions of this Credit Condition 3(k) apply in respect of the Credit Linked 
Notes, on redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note the relevant Note or, if

--- Page 249 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-108 
 
 
the Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, such 
Global Registered Note Certificate, shall be endorsed to reflect such partial 
redemption. 
(l) 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation 
(i) 
If this Credit Condition 3(l) is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of Restructuring and related 
provisions, the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events 
described in sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of the definition of Restructuring shall not be a 
Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder 
Obligation. 
(ii) 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event 
which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that 
are not Affiliates of each other and (ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders 
(determined pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such 
event) at least equal to sixty-six and two-thirds is required to consent to the event 
which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event provided that any Obligation that is a 
Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in this sub-paragraph (ii). 
(m) 
DC Settlement Suspension 
If DC Settlement Suspension is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms then 
following the determination of a Credit Event Determination Date pursuant to sub-paragraph 
(b) thereof but prior to the Settlement Date or, to the extent applicable, a Valuation Date, the 
DC Secretary publicly announces that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question, the timing 
requirements set out in the definition of Notice Delivery Period, the definition of Credit Event 
Redemption Date, the definition of Valuation Date, Credit Condition 3(b), Credit Condition 
3(c), Credit Condition 3(d) and the definition of Settlement Date, as applicable, or any other 
Credit Condition that pertains to settlement, shall toll and remain suspended until the date of 
(i) the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement, (ii) the relevant DC No Credit Event 
Announcement, provided that the relevant DC Resolutions are Non-Applicable Credit Event 
Resolutions or (iii) the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a 
Suspension End Announcement). During such suspension period, the Issuer and the 
Noteholders are not obliged to, nor are they entitled to, take any action in connection with the 
settlement of the Notes. Once the relevant Suspension End Announcement has occurred, the 
relevant timing requirements of these Credit Conditions, the definition of Notice Delivery 
Period, the definition of Credit Event Redemption Date, the definition of Valuation Date, 
Credit Condition 3(b), Credit Condition 3(c), Credit Condition 3(d) and the definition of 
Settlement Date, as applicable, or any other Credit Condition that pertains to settlement that 
have previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the Business Day following such 
public announcement by the DC Secretary with the parties having the benefit of the full day 
notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began in accordance with this Credit 
Condition 3(m). 
4. 
FIRST TO DEFAULT NOTES 
If First to Default Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following shall 
apply:  
(a) 
The Credit Linked Notes will reference a basket of Reference Entities but, subject as provided 
in Credit Condition 3(k) (if applicable and for the avoidance of doubt only in relation to the

--- Page 250 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-109 
 
 
Reference Entity which was the subject of the relevant Restructuring), either (i) a Credit Event 
Determination Date may only occur on one occasion and consequently, if DC Determinations 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms subject as provided in the definition 
of Credit Event Determination Date in Credit Condition 8, a Credit Event Notice may only be 
delivered on one occasion or (ii) a Risk Event Notice may only be delivered on one occasion 
(as applicable). If a Credit Event Determination Date occurs or Risk Event Notices are 
delivered in respect of more than one Reference Entity on the same date, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its sole and absolute discretion which Reference Entity is the Reference 
Entity in respect of which the Credit Event Determination Date has occurred or the Risk Event 
Notice is effectively delivered; 
(b) 
the following shall be inserted as a new paragraph (a) in the definition of Successor in Credit 
Condition 8:  
"Notwithstanding the provisions above and sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Reference 
Entity, where one or more Reference Entities (each an Affected Reference Entity) and/or the 
Issuer would, but for this provision, be identified as a Successor pursuant thereto and at least 
one other entity which is not a Reference Entity or the Issuer is also identified as a Successor 
for the purposes of any succession, each Affected Reference Entity and/or the Issuer, as 
applicable, shall not be regarded as a “Successor” for the purposes of the Notes. Where 
pursuant to the provisions above or sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Reference Entity 
one or more Reference Entities (each an Affected Reference Entity) and/or the Issuer would, 
but for this provision, be identified as a Successor pursuant thereto but no other entities (that 
are not Reference Entities or the Issuer) are identified as a Successor in respect of the relevant 
succession, each Affected Reference Entity and/or the Issuer, as applicable, shall not be 
regarded as a "Successor" for the purposes of the Notes and, in respect of each Affected 
Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, the Calculation Agent shall use reasonable 
endeavours to (a) select an Alternative Reference Entity to be the Successor in respect of the 
relevant succession and (b) select an Alternative Reference Obligation to be the Reference 
Obligation in respect of such Alternative Reference Entity after the relevant succession and 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Issue Terms as it determines to be necessary or desirable to reflect such Alternative 
Reference Entity and Alternative Reference Obligation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to 
select an Alternative Reference Entity or an Alternative Reference Obligation, no Successor 
shall be appointed, the Reference Entity to which the relevant succession relates shall be 
deemed to have ceased to be a Reference Entity and that portion of the interest payable or, if 
the Notes are non-interest-bearing Notes, the portion of the Redemption Amount which is 
referable to the purchase of credit protection purchased by the Issuer under the Notes shall be 
reduced accordingly as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion, in each case with effect from the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
the relevant Succession Date. 
Where:  
Alternative Reference Entity means an entity which satisfies both the Industry Requirement 
and the Spread Requirement as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion; 
Alternative Reference Obligation means any obligation of the Alternative Reference Entity 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion which, as far as 
practicable, in the determination of the Calculation Agent is substantially similar in economic 
terms to the relevant Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity for which a Successor falls 
to be determined pursuant to this definition of Successor.  An Alternative Reference

--- Page 251 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-110 
 
 
Obligation may or may not be the applicable Standard Reference Obligation for the 
Alternative Reference Entity; 
Industry Requirement means an entity that is in the same industry group specified by 
Moody’s Investor Service, Inc. or any successor to the rating business thereof or Standard & 
Poor’s Rating Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. or any successor to 
the rating business thereof as the Reference Entity for which a Successor falls to be determined 
pursuant to this definition of Successor, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion; 
Spread means the bid-side quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent from such leading 
dealer in the credit default swap market selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion for a credit default swap in respect of the relevant entity with a credit 
protection period commencing on the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the date 
of the relevant Succession Date and ending on the Scheduled Maturity Date and with the 
Reference Obligation(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
Spread Requirement means an entity that, as at the date of selection, has a Spread not greater 
than the product of (a) the Spread Requirement Percentage specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and (b) the Spread of the Reference Entity for which a Successor falls to be determined 
pursuant to this definition of Successor, immediately prior to the relevant Succession Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
(c) 
if the Notes are Reference Obligation Only Notes and the event set out in paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Substitution Event below occurs with respect to the Reference Obligation of a 
Reference Entity, then thereupon such Reference Entity shall be deemed to have ceased to be 
a Reference Entity and that portion of the interest payable or, if the Notes are non-interest-
bearing Notes, the portion of the Redemption Amount which is referable to the purchase of 
credit protection purchased by the Issuer under the Notes shall be reduced accordingly as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.". 
5. 
CALCULATION AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT NOTICES 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, 
event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or 
permitted to be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Notes shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders. Whenever 
the Calculation Agent is required to make any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of 
construction and legal interpretation. Unless otherwise provided herein, in performing its duties 
pursuant to the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall act in its sole and absolute discretion. Any delay, 
deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its 
obligations or its discretion under the Notes including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by 
it to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of 
such obligation or discretion, and neither the Calculation Agent nor the Issuer shall, in the absence of 
wilful default and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or consequent upon, any such 
delay, deferral or forbearance. 
In relation to the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of any notice pursuant to this Credit 
Condition 5, a notice delivered on or prior to 4:00 p.m. (Calculation Agent City time) on a Calculation 
Agent City Business Day will be effective on such Calculation Agent City Business Day.  A notice 
delivered after 4:00 p.m. (Calculation Agent City time) on a Calculation Agent City Business Day or 
on a day which is not a Calculation Agent City Business Day will be deemed effective on the next 
following Calculation Agent City Business Day, regardless of the form in which it is delivered.  For 
purposes of the two preceding sentences, a notice given by telephone will be deemed to have been

--- Page 252 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-111 
 
 
delivered at the time the telephone conversation takes place.  If the notice is delivered by telephone, a 
written confirmation will be executed and delivered confirming the substance of such notice within 
one Calculation Agent City Business Day of such notice.  Failure to provide a written confirmation 
shall not affect the effectiveness of a notice given by telephone. 
6. 
LA CREDIT LINKED PROVISIONS 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Notes are LA Credit Linked Notes and that the provisions 
of this Schedule apply, the following provisions shall apply, and to the extent that there is any conflict 
been such provisions and the provisions of Credit Conditions 1 to 5 above, this Credit Condition 6 
shall govern:  
(a) 
LA Redemption at Maturity  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with these Conditions 
and subject as provided in Credit Conditions 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(f) and 6(g) each principal 
amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount of the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date by payment of the LA Final Redemption Amount. 
(b) 
LA Interest 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 21 of the General Conditions and Credit Condition 6(f) 
and Credit Condition 6(i) (if applicable) and notwithstanding Condition 4 of the General 
Conditions, if LA Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
the Issuer will pay the LA Interest Amount specified for the relevant Interest Payment 
Date in the Settlement Currency;   
(ii) 
for these purposes, the Interest Amount will be the LA Interest Amount specified in 
respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(iii) 
Condition 5(e) of the General Conditions will be amended by the deletion of the words 
"together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date" therein; 
(iv) 
Condition 5(f) of the General Conditions will be amended by the deletion of the words 
"together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date" therein; and 
(v) 
for the avoidance of doubt, if the Notes are redeemed pursuant to Condition 5(b), 
Condition 5(e), Condition 5(f) or Condition 9 of the General Conditions, Condition 
1.5 of the Valuation and Settlement Schedule or Credit Condition 3(j) above or Credit 
Condition 11 below, no interest will be payable in respect of which the relevant 
Interest Payment Date has not occurred on or prior to the date fixed for such 
redemption, Provided That if the date fixed for such redemption falls prior to the first 
Interest Payment Date, no interest shall be payable in respect of the Notes. 
(c) 
LA Physical Settlement 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if LA Physical Settlement is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if, at any time during the Risk Event 
Determination Period, the Calculation Agent determines that a Risk Event has occurred or 
exists during the Risk Event Determination Period, then the Issuer shall (on the basis of the 
Calculation Agent’s determination) give notice (a Risk Event Notice) to the Noteholder(s) (i) 
declaring that a Risk Event has occurred or exists; and (ii) giving details of such Risk Event.

--- Page 253 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-112 
 
 
References in these Credit Conditions to "Credit Event Notice" shall be deemed to include 
"Risk Event Notice" where the context so admits. 
Subject to Credit Condition 6(f) and Credit Condition 6(i) (if applicable) and following the 
effective delivery of a Risk Event Notice, on or before the LA Physical Settlement Date, the 
Issuer shall, in full satisfaction of all its obligation(s) in respect of the Note(s), redeem the 
Note(s) by delivery to each Noteholder of a principal amount of LA Settlement Assets, equal 
to the Applicable Principal Currency Amount, pro rated amongst each principal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, less Unwind Costs (rounded down to the nearest 
integral authorised denomination of the LA Settlement Assets), provided that if in the 
determination of the Issuer: 
(i) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be impossible, 
illegal or in breach of any restriction (whether regulatory, fiduciary or contractual) to 
obtain, hold or deliver some or all of the LA Settlement Assets (including any such 
LA Settlement Assets held by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate) to the 
Noteholder(s), including circumstances in which a Market Disruption Event is 
subsisting; and/or 
(ii) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be impracticable 
(whether on grounds of illiquidity or otherwise) and/or it is not commercially 
reasonable for the Issuer to obtain, hold or deliver some or all of the LA Settlement 
Assets (including any such LA Settlement Assets held by or on behalf of the Issuer 
and/or any Affiliate) to the Noteholder(s); and/or 
(iii) 
due to circumstances within the control of the Noteholder(s), including the 
Noteholder(s) not having opened or notified the Issuer of its specified account or 
given any required certifications, the Issuer is unable to arrange, or conditions are not 
fulfilled, for the delivery of some or all of the LA Settlement Assets, 
and such circumstances continue up to and including the LA Physical Settlement Date, then 
the Issuer shall have no further delivery obligations hereunder to the Noteholder(s) with 
respect to those LA Settlement Assets which are affected by such circumstances described in 
6(c)(i), 6(c)(ii)and/or 6(c)(iii) above (the Undeliverable Assets) and the Issuer shall, in 
respect of the Undeliverable Assets in respect of any Note held by a Noteholder, pay to the 
specified account of that Noteholder on the LA Cash Payment Date the Undeliverable LA 
Redemption Amount. 
Where the Issuer has an obligation to deliver any asset, including Reference Assets, to a 
Noteholder, the Issuer may (i) deliver the relevant asset to an Affiliate of the Issuer (an 
Intermediary) and (ii) procure that the relevant Intermediary deliver the relevant asset to the 
Noteholder. Delivery by the Intermediary of the relevant asset to the Noteholder’s specified 
account shall discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Note. 
(d) 
LA Cash Settlement 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if LA Cash Settlement is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if, at any time during the Risk Event 
Determination Period, the Calculation Agent determines that a Risk Event has occurred or 
exists during the Risk Event Determination Period, then the Issuer shall (on the basis of the 
Calculation Agent’s determination) give notice (a Risk Event Notice) to the Noteholder(s) (i) 
declaring that a Risk Event has occurred or exists; and (ii) giving details of such Risk Event. 
References in these Credit Conditions to "Credit Event Notice" shall be deemed to include 
"Risk Event Notice" where the context so admits.

--- Page 254 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-113 
 
 
Subject to Credit Condition 6(f) and Credit Condition 6(i) (if applicable) and following the 
effective delivery of a Risk Event Notice, on or before the LA Cash Payment Date, the Issuer 
shall, in full satisfaction of all its obligation(s) in respect of the Note(s), redeem all but not 
some only of the Credit Linked Notes, each principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to 
the Calculation Amount being redeemed by the Issuer at the relevant LA Redemption Amount 
on the LA Cash Payment Date. 
(e) 
LA Zero Recovery 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if LA Zero Recovery is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if, at any time during the Risk Event 
Determination Period, the Calculation Agent determines that a Risk Event has occurred or 
exists during the Risk Event Determination Period, then the Issuer shall (on the basis of the 
Calculation Agent’s determination) give notice (a Risk Event Notice) to the Noteholder(s) (i) 
declaring that a Risk Event has occurred or exists; and (ii) giving details of such Risk Event. 
Following the effective delivery of a Risk Event Notice, the Notes will be cancelled forthwith 
and the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes will be immediately discharged and the 
Issuer shall have no liability in respect thereof.  In such circumstances no amounts will be 
payable or assets deliverable to the Noteholder(s). 
(f) 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior to the latest of the Maturity Date, 
the LA Physical Settlement Date and the LA Cash Payment Date, if applicable, that a 
Regulatory Change Event has occurred or exists, then any payment due to the Noteholder(s), 
or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be delivered to the Noteholder(s), shall be reduced by 
an amount in the currency of such payment or an amount of LA Settlement Assets (rounded 
down to the nearest integral authorised denomination of the LA Settlement Assets), as the case 
may be, that is equal in value to the allocable proportion of the Regulatory Change Cost, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(g) 
Postponement for Potential Risk Event 
If Potential Risk Event Postponement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and if, on the Maturity Date or, if the Notes are interest bearing, on any Interest Payment Date 
or, if the Notes are Instalment Notes, on any Instalment Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Risk Event may exist or may have occurred at any time during the Risk 
Event Determination Period (but the Issuer has not provided a Risk Event Notice in respect 
thereof), the Issuer shall not pay the Redemption Amount and/or the relevant Interest Amount 
and/or the relevant Instalment Amount (as applicable), until the earlier of (i) the date on which 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Risk Event has not so occurred or existed; and (ii) the 
date which is 30 calendar days after the Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date or 
relevant Instalment Date (as applicable), as the case may be, (the LA Cut-Off Date), provided 
that if the Calculation Agent determines, on or before the LA Cut-Off Date, that a Risk Event 
occurred or existed during the Risk Event Determination Period and the Issuer gives notice to 
the Noteholder(s) declaring that a Risk Event had so occurred or existed, then the Issuer's 
obligations under the Note(s) shall be as set out in (x) if LA Physical Settlement is applicable, 
Credit Condition 6(c) above save that the LA Physical Settlement Date shall be deemed to be 
the date which is 30 calendar days following the LA Cut-Off Date or (y) if LA Cash Settlement 
is applicable,  Credit Condition 6(d) above save that the LA Cash Payment Date shall be 
deemed to be the date which is 5 calendar days following the LA Cut-off Date or (z) if LA 
Zero Recovery is applicable, Credit Condition 6(e) above.

--- Page 255 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-114 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, each of Credit Condition 3(e), 3(f), 3(g) and/or this Credit 
Condition 6(g) may apply to the Notes as the context so admits, provided that the Notes will 
not be redeemed pursuant to any such Credit Condition other than for a Risk Event whilst the 
provisions of any such other Credit Condition also still apply. 
(h) 
Purchase and Cancellation and Further Issues 
(i) 
The terms of the Notes set out herein and in the applicable Issue Terms are stated on 
the basis of the aggregate principal amount of Notes issued on the Issue Date.  Where 
pursuant to Condition 5(g) of the General Conditions some but not all of the Notes 
are cancelled, the Calculation Agent may adjust such of these provisions, as it 
determines to be appropriate acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, to preserve for the Noteholders the economic equivalent of the payment 
and/or delivery obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes after the cancellation 
of such Notes. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment(s), the Issuer shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
General Conditions stating the relevant adjustments. 
(ii) 
Condition 12 of the General Conditions shall not apply to the Notes. 
(i) 
Tax Deduction Event 
Unless "Tax Deduction Event" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and 
without duplication to Credit Condition 6(f) above, if the Calculation Agent determines at any 
time on or prior to the latest of the Maturity Date, the LA Physical Settlement Date and the 
LA Cash Payment Date, if applicable, that there would be a Tax Deduction Amount in respect 
of any payment in respect of the Reference Investor Assets, then any payment(s) due to the 
Noteholder(s), or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be delivered to the Noteholder(s) 
(rounded down to the nearest integral authorised denomination of the LA Settlement Assets), 
shall be reduced by an amount that in aggregate is equal in value to the allocable proportion 
of such Tax Deduction Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
7. 
ADDITIONAL DISCLAIMERS 
None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the Dealer, nor any of their Affiliates or agents, will be 
obligated to hold any LA Settlement Assets or pursue any remedies they may have with respect thereto 
(even if the Issuer, CGMHI Guarantor, Dealer or any of their Affiliates or agents transfers LA 
Settlement Assets to the Noteholder(s) or refers to their market value in connection with the 
satisfaction of the Issuer’s obligations following the declaration of a Risk Event as described above). 
8. 
DEFINITIONS APPLICABLE TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
2014 Definitions means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions published by ISDA. 
Additional Risk Event means, if specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the occurrence or 
existence of any of: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event; 
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event; or

--- Page 256 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-115 
 
 
(d) 
an Underlying RMB Currency Event. 
Additional Risk Event Start Date means either the Trade Date or the Issue Date, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Affiliate means, in respect of any designated person, any person that directly or indirectly controls or 
is controlled by or is under common control with such designated person.  For the purposes of this 
definition, control (including with correlative meanings, the terms controlled by and under common 
control with), as used with respect to any person, shall mean the possession, directly, or indirectly, of 
the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person, whether 
through the ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise. 
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other 
consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid 
or provided by a Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable of being 
realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists). 
Asset Amount means, in respect of each principal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount, Deliverable Obligations, as selected by the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion, with: 
(a) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money, an Outstanding Principal 
Balance; or 
(b) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable 
Amount, 
(or, in the case of either (a) or (b), the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), in an 
aggregate amount as of the relevant Delivery Date equal to the outstanding principal amount of such 
Notes less, if Unwind Costs are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, Deliverable 
Obligations with a market value (determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion on the Business Day selected by the Calculation Agent falling during the period from and 
including the Credit Event Determination Date to and including the Delivery Date) equal to Unwind 
Costs. 
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or, if "DC Methodology Asset Market Value" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in accordance with the methodology determined 
by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Asset Package means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion 
received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event 
(which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may 
be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of Assets, the 
Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package.  If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and 
retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
Asset Package Credit Event means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
a Governmental Intervention; or

--- Page 257 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-116 
 
 
(ii) 
a Restructuring in respect of a Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and such Restructuring does not constitute a 
Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event 
Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement, as applicable.  
Asset Transfer Notice means a duly completed asset transfer notice substantially in the form set out 
in the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
Auction has the meaning given to such term in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Cancellation Date has the meaning given in any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published in relation to obligations of appropriate seniority of the Reference Entity and 
applicable to credit derivatives transactions with a Scheduled Termination Date of the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
Auction Cut-Off Date means, the date falling ninety calendar days (or such other number of calendar 
days as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms) after (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date or, (b) if 
Credit Condition 3(e) applies, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, if later and if Credit 
Condition 3(g)(II)(B) applies, the Postponed Maturity Date, or (c) if Credit Condition 3(f) applies, the 
Grace Period Extension Date or, (d) if Credit Condition 3(g)(II)(A) applies, the Postponed Maturity 
Date.  
Auction Final Price means: 
(a) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that an Auction will 
be held in accordance with any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in relation to 
obligations of appropriate seniority of the Reference Entity in respect of which the Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred, the relevant Auction Final Price determined in 
accordance with such Auction; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that more than one 
Auction will be held in accordance with any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in 
relation to obligations of appropriate seniority of the Reference Entity in respect of which the 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred: 
(i) 
the Auction Final Price determined in accordance with the Auction applicable to 
credit derivatives transactions triggered by the credit protection buyer thereunder 
(Buyer Credit Derivatives Transactions) with Scheduled Termination Dates of a 
range within which the Scheduled Maturity Date falls; 
(ii) 
if no Auction is held applicable to Buyer Credit Derivatives Transactions with 
Scheduled Termination Dates of a range within which the Scheduled Maturity Date 
falls, the Auction Final Price determined in accordance with the Auction applicable 
to Buyer Credit Derivatives Transactions with Scheduled Termination Dates falling 
next earliest to the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(iii) 
if no Auction is held applicable to Buyer Credit Derivatives Transactions with 
Scheduled Termination Dates falling next earliest to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the 
Auction Final Price determined in accordance with the Auction applicable to Buyer

--- Page 258 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-117 
 
 
Credit Derivatives Transactions with Scheduled Termination Dates falling next 
following the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(iv) 
if no Auction is held applicable to Buyer Credit Derivatives Transactions with 
Scheduled Termination Dates falling next following the Scheduled Maturity Date, the 
Auction Final Price determined in accordance with the Auction applicable to credit 
derivatives transactions triggered by the credit protection seller thereunder. 
Auction Final Price Cut-Off Date means, if specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the date 
falling ninety calendar days (or such other number of calendar days specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) after (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date or, (b) if Credit Condition 3(e) applies, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, if later and if Credit Condition 3(g)(II)(B) applies, the 
Postponed Maturity Date, or (c) if Credit Condition 3(f) applies, the Grace Period Extension Date or, 
(d) if Credit Condition 3(g)(II)(A) applies, the Postponed Maturity Date. 
Auction Final Price Determination Date has the meaning given to such term in the Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
Bankruptcy means the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of 
its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in 
the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding 
or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the institution or 
presentation thereof or before the Maturity Date, whichever is earlier; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty 
calendar days thereafter or before the Maturity Date, whichever is earlier; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) to (g).

--- Page 259 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-118 
 
 
Calculation Agent City means the city specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if a city is 
not so specified, the city in which the office through which the Calculation Agent is acting for the 
purposes of the Notes. 
Calculation Agent City Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the Calculation Agent City. 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees 
without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date, provided, however, 
that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable 
Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or 
transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent may not be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed.  Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or 
transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing 
agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for 
consent for purposes of this definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation. 
Credit Business Day Convention means the convention for adjusting any relevant date pursuant to 
this Underlying Schedule 2 if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day. If the last 
day of any period under this Underlying Schedule 2 calculated by reference to calendar days falls on 
a day that is not a Business Day, such last day shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
applicable Credit Business Day Convention (or, if none is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Following Credit Business Day Convention); provided that if the last day of any such period is the 
Credit Event Backstop Date or the Successor Backstop Date, such last day shall not be subject to any 
adjustment in accordance with any Credit Business Day Convention. The following terms, when used 
in conjunction with the term "Credit Business Day Convention" and a date, shall mean that an 
adjustments will be made if that date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day so that: 
(a) 
if "Following" is specified as the applicable Credit Business Day Convention in the applicable 
Issue Terms, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
if "Modified Following" is specified as the applicable Credit Business Day Convention in the 
applicable Issue Terms, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; and 
(c) 
if "Preceding" is specified as the applicable Credit Business Day Convention in the applicable 
Issue Terms, that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. 
Credit Condition means each condition specified in this Schedule. 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms has the meaning given to such term in the definition 
of Transaction Auction Settlement Terms below. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee established pursuant to the 
DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative 
transactions.

--- Page 260 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-119 
 
 
Credit Event means the occurrence of any one or more of the Credit Events specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms which may include Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation 
Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention or any additional 
Credit Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defense based 
upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to 
any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
Credit Event Backstop Date means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any event that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved as constituting a Credit Event (or with respect to Repudiation/Moratorium, the 
event described in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium), the date 
that is sixty calendar days prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is sixty calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
the Notice Delivery Date if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice 
Delivery Period; and 
(ii) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during 
the Post Dismissal Additional Period. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention and/or Credit Business Day Convention. 
Credit Event Determination Date means either: 
(a) 
if DC Determinations is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date occurs on or following the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes and a DC 
Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect thereto during the Notice Delivery Period, 
the date on which such DC Credit Event Announcement occurred; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent delivers a Credit Event Notice to the Issuer that is effective and if 
Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, that is effective, in each case, during the 
Notice Delivery Period, the Notice Delivery Date, 
provided that,

--- Page 261 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-120 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (a) above, no Credit Event Determination Date will occur with 
respect to an event and any Credit Event Determination Date previously determined with 
respect to an event shall be deemed not to have occurred if a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement occurs with respect to such event prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, Valuation Date or Settlement Date, as applicable; and 
(ii) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (b) above and if DC Determinations is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, if following the delivery of the Credit Event Notice by the Calculation Agent a 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurs in relation to the event referred to in the Credit 
Event Notice and prior to the Valuation Date or Settlement Date, as applicable: 
(A) 
the Credit Event Notice is deemed to be revoked in accordance with its definition 
below, the relevant Credit Event Determination Date shall be deemed not to have 
occurred; or 
(B) 
a DC Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect to such event and the relevant 
Reference Entity or Obligation thereof, the Calculation Agent may in its sole and 
absolute discretion revoke the Credit Event Notice by giving notice to the Issuer, in 
which case the relevant Credit Event Determination Date shall be deemed not to have 
occurred in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) above but shall be deemed to have 
occurred in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) above. 
Credit Event Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent (which may be by telephone) to the 
Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a 
Credit Event that occurred on or after the Issue Date or, if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date, provided that if 
DC Determinations is specified in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(a) 
if a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred with respect to such event and the 
relevant Reference Entity or Obligation thereof, the Calculation Agent may not deliver a 
Credit Event Notice in relation thereto, unless the DC Resolutions in respect of which the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and taking 
into account the differences between the definition of Credit Event under the 2014 Definitions 
and the definition of Credit Event hereunder and such other factor(s) as it deems appropriate, 
determines are inappropriate to follow for the purposes of the Notes (such DC Resolutions, 
Non-Applicable Credit Event Resolutions); and 
(b) 
if subsequently a DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect to such event and 
the relevant Reference Entity or Obligation thereof, the Credit Event Notice shall be deemed 
to be revoked and the relevant Credit Event Determination Date shall be deemed not to have 
occurred, unless the DC Resolutions in respect of which are Non-Applicable Credit Event 
Resolutions.   
For the avoidance of doubt, any deemed revocation of the Credit Event Notice as provided above shall 
not prevent the Calculation Agent from delivering a further Credit Event Notice subsequently in 
relation to a new Credit Event. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date 
must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or 
the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date. 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than a Restructuring must be in respect of 
the full principal amount outstanding of each Note.

--- Page 262 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-121 
 
 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred.  The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit 
Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective.  A Credit Event 
Notice shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices set out in Credit Condition 5. 
Credit Event Redemption Amount means in respect of each principal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount of the Credit Linked Notes, the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or if no such amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to: 
(A × B) −C 
where: 
"A" is the outstanding principal amount of such Notes; 
"B" is the Final Price or, if Auction Settlement is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and Credit 
Condition 3(b)(x) does not apply, the Auction Final Price; and 
"C" is Unwind Costs, 
provided that in no event shall the Credit Event Redemption Amount be less than zero. 
Credit Event Redemption Date means, in respect of: 
(a) 
Maturity Date Settlement Credit Linked Notes, the later of: 
(i) 
the Maturity Date; and 
(ii) 
the day falling the number of Business Days specified (or, if a number of Business 
Days is not so specified, three Business Days) in the applicable Issue Terms after (a) 
the calculation of the Final Price or the publication of the Auction Final Price, as the 
case may be, or (b) if the Credit Event Redemption Amount is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms or Fixed Recovery is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Credit Event Determination Date; and 
(b) 
any Credit Linked Notes other than Maturity Date Settlement Credit Linked Notes, the day 
falling the number of Business Days specified (or, if a number of Business Days is not so 
specified, three Business Days) in the applicable Issue Terms after (a) the calculation of the 
Final Price or the publication of the Auction Final Price, as the case may be, or (b) if the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms or Fixed Recovery is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Credit Event Determination Date. 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date 
as publicly announced by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question, unless the DC Resolutions in respect of 
which are Non-Applicable Credit Event Resolutions. 
Currency Amount means with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of 
Physical Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an amount 
converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the Settlement

--- Page 263 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-122 
 
 
Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate, if any, and each 
Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount 
specified in each Physical Settlement Amendment Notice with respect to that portion of the Notes into 
the currency of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
Currency Rate means with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, the rate of conversion 
between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such 
Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either (i) determined by reference to the Currency Rate 
Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time, or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time, as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in a commercially reasonable manner and (b) a Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, the Revised Currency 
Rate. 
Currency Rate Source means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 
p.m. (London time) or, if "DC Approved Successor Rate Source" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee or, if no such successor rate source is approved by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee where relevant or "DC Approved Successor Rate Source" is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any successor rate source selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.   
Custodian means any custodian (including the Reference Custodian), sub-custodian, depositary, 
settlement system, bank or clearing house (or any agent or delegate of any of the foregoing) or any 
exchange used by a Reference Investor as part of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement 
entered into from time to time. 
DC Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event with respect to the Reference Entity or 
Obligation thereof has occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the 
Extension Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the DC 
Credit Event Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace 
Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
DC Credit Event Question means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a 
Credit Event with respect to the Reference Entity or Obligation thereof has occurred. 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC No Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a 
Credit Event with respect to the Reference Entity or Obligation thereof. 
DC Resolution has the meaning given to such term in the DC Rules. 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published on 
www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as 
amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

--- Page 264 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-123 
 
 
DC Secretary has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
Default Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if a Default Requirement is not specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, U.S.$10,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit 
of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the 
applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and 
taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to Deliverable 
Obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in an 
Asset Amount to the relevant Noteholder free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or 
encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance system, 
but including, without limitation, any counterclaim, defense (other than a counterclaim or defense 
based on the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) in the definition of "Credit Event" above) or right 
of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor) provided that (i) if a 
Deliverable Obligation is a Direct Loan Participation, Deliver means to create (or procure the creation 
of) a participation in favour of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) if a Deliverable Obligation is a 
Guarantee, Deliver means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided 
further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, Deliver means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, 
the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap.  Delivery and 
Delivered will be construed accordingly.  In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using 
documentation substantially in the form of the documentation determined by the Calculation Agent to 
be customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset 
Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to 
which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) this definition of 
"Deliver" shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset Package provided that if any such Asset 
is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is 
zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall 
be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on which the Issuer 
has notified the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Condition 3(d) of the detailed description of 
the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver, (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery 
of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in 
the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (v) if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable 
Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an amount of cash equal to 
the Asset Market Value. 
Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the method described in "(A) Method for Determining Deliverable 
Obligations" below; 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured 
Deliverable Obligation;

--- Page 265 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-124 
 
 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or any 
Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign); and 
(e) 
any Additional Deliverable Obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms, 
in each case unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and provided that the obligation has an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than zero (determined for 
purposes of paragraph (d), immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
(i) 
Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations.  For the purposes of this 
definition of "Deliverable Obligation", the term "Deliverable Obligation" may be 
defined as each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable 
Obligation Category specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and, subject to (ii) 
below, having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the 
Delivery Date (unless otherwise specified).  The following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
(A) 
Deliverable Obligation Category means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, 
Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined in 
the definition of "Obligation" below, except that, for the purpose of 
determining Deliverable Obligations, the definition of "Reference Obligation 
Only" shall be amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only). 
(B) 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not 
Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic 
Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance (each as 
defined in the definition of "Obligation" below), Assignable Loan, Consent 
Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, 
Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer where: 
(1) 
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or 
novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or financial institutions 
(irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not then a 
lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the 
consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan 
(or the consent of the applicable borrower if the Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(2) 
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being 
assigned or novated with the consent of the Reference Entity or the 
guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant 
borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any 
agent; 
(3) 
Direct Loan Participation means a Loan in respect of which, 
pursuant to a participation agreement, the Issuer is capable of 
creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of 
each Noteholder that provides each such Noteholder with recourse to 
the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due 
under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation

--- Page 266 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-125 
 
 
seller, any such agreement to be entered into between each such 
Noteholder and either (A) the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, as 
the case may be, (to the extent that the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates, as applicable, is then a lender or a member of the relevant 
lending syndicate), or (B) a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) 
(to the extent such Qualifying Participation Seller is then a lender or 
a member of the relevant lending syndicate); 
(4) 
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional 
investors without any contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, 
provided that none of the following shall be considered contractual, 
statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(i) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for 
eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S 
promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory 
restrictions promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction 
having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of 
an obligation);  
(ii) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or 
regulatory investment restrictions on insurance companies 
and pension funds; or 
(iii) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around 
payment dates or voting periods; 
(5) 
Maximum Maturity means an obligation that has a remaining 
maturity of not greater than the period specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (or if no such period is specified, thirty years); 
(6) 
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under which the 
principal amount owed, whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, 
termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance 
with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and 
without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable 
insolvency laws; and 
(7) 
Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument 
unless interests with respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via 
the Euroclear system, Clearstream International or any other 
internationally recognised clearing system. 
(ii) 
Interpretation of Provisions. 
(A) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristic "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall be 
construed as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had been specified 
as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
(B) 
If (a) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not 
Domestic Issuance" or "Not Bearer" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall be construed as though such

--- Page 267 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-126 
 
 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; (b) the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall be construed as though such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that 
are not Loans; or (c) any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
"Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the applicable Issue Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to 
Loans. 
(C) 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct 
Loan Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may include any 
Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
(D) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the 
following will apply: 
(1) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the 
Deliverable Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be 
deemed to be described by the same category or categories as those 
that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(2) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant 
Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms from the following list:  "Not Subordinated", 
"Specified Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic 
Currency" and "Not Domestic Law"; 
(3) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying 
Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the 
applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Issue Terms from 
the following list:  "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable 
Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", 
"Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", "Accelerated or Matured" and 
"Not Bearer"; and 
(4) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to 
refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(E) 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
"Maximum Maturity", remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of 
the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such

--- Page 268 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-127 
 
 
determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and 
payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(F) 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if an obligation would 
otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation 
in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference 
Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not 
cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(G) 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics and the requirements specified in Credit Condition 6(d)(ii) 
and Credit Condition 6(d)(iii) to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, any such determination shall be made by reference to the 
terms of the relevant obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event. 
(H) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the 
"Maximum Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of 
any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to 
satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
Delivery Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date on which 
such Deliverable Obligation is Delivered (or deemed Delivered under the definition of Deliver) or, in 
the case of LA Credit Linked Notes, delivered. 
Delivery Expenses means all costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable depository 
charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, 
securities transfer, withholding taxes or tax on income profits or gains and/or other costs, duties or 
taxes arising from the Delivery of an Asset Amount. 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and any 
successor currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of (a) the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in 
which the Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
Domestic Law means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organized, if such Reference Entity 
is not a Sovereign. 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance 
of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent-owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference 
Entity.  Voting Shares shall mean those shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board 
of directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
Due and Payable Amount means, the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity under 
the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums 
in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any 
portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited 
Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-

--- Page 269 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-128 
 
 
occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted 
Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
either (A) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but 
on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date) or (B) the Valuation Date, as applicable. 
Eligible Information means information which is publicly available or which can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality 
of such information. 
Eligible Transferee means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity 
specified in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the preceding sub-paragraph (a); 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose 
vehicle) that (1) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (2) is one of a group 
of investment vehicles under common control or management having, in the 
aggregate, total assets of at least USD 100,000,000; or 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed 
or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement 
by an entity described in sub-paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) of this definition; and 
(d) 
(i) 
 any Sovereign; or  
(ii) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or 
more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International 
Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition to USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.  
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means:  
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable 
Issue Terms;

--- Page 270 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-129 
 
 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components 
have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date 
of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
Excluded Obligation means:  
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and (i) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior 
Obligation, or (ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, then for 
purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, 
any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated 
Obligation, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or 
Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
Extension Date means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if: 
(i) 
"Failure to Pay" is specified as a Credit Event in the applicable Issue Terms and 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(ii) 
the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is 
specified as a Credit Event in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference Entity 
to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment 
Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the 
time of such failure. If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a 
redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate 
of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to 
constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount 
of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market 
rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination.  
Final Price means:  
(a) 
Either: 
(i) 
If Reference Obligation Final Price is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
price of the Reference Obligation, expressed as a percentage of its Outstanding

--- Page 271 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-130 
 
 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, determined in 
accordance with the Valuation Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  The 
Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after obtaining all Quotations for a 
Valuation Date, make available for inspection by Noteholders at the specified office 
of the Registrar (i) each such Quotation that it receives in connection with the 
calculation of the Final Price and (ii) a written computation showing its calculation of 
the Final Price; or 
(ii) 
if Deliverable Obligation Final Price is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
highest firm bid quotation that the Calculation Agent is able to obtain on the Valuation 
Date from a Reference Dealer for the sale to the Reference Dealer of such of the 
Deliverable Obligations as selected by the Issuer with an outstanding principal 
balance equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes (or the equivalent 
thereof) as determined by the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage of such 
outstanding principal balance, provided that if none of the Reference Dealers provides 
such a firm quotation then the Final Price shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
For these purposes: 
(x) 
references to "NOPS Effective Date" and "Delivery Date" in the Credit 
Conditions are deemed replaced with "date of selection as a Deliverable 
Obligation" and "Valuation Date" respectively;  
(y) 
sub-paragraphs (B) of the definition of Due and Payable Amount and (A)(II) 
of the definition of Outstanding Principal Balance will not apply; and 
(z) 
sub-paragraphs (d)(ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) of Credit Condition 3 may apply 
notwithstanding that Physical Delivery does not apply and references therein 
to "included in an Asset Amount" are deemed replaced with "selected for the 
purposes of calculating the Final Price"; or 
(iii) 
if Fixed Recovery is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
percentage specified therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Final Price may be equal to zero. 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of 
the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided 
that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more 
variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant 
to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
Full Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation obtained from 
a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the 
Reference Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount equal to the 
Quotation Amount. 
Fully Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case 
of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of 
any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, 
as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date.  Any requirement that notification of 
novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be

--- Page 272 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-131 
 
 
considered as a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Fully Transferable 
Obligation". 
Further Subordinated Obligation means, if a Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, 
as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated thereto. 
FX Rate means the rate, determined by the Calculation Agent on the FX Rate Set Date, at which a 
non-resident of the Reference Jurisdiction can purchase the Settlement Currency against delivery of 
the LA Relevant Currency for value on the LA Value Date provided that if LA Relevant Currency is 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Rate shall be 1 (one). 
FX Rate Set Date means the date selected by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, for 
determining the FX Rate. 
Governmental Authority means:  
(i) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof);  
(ii) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational 
body;  
(iii) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority 
or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central 
bank) of the Reference Entity or some or of all of its obligations; or  
(iv) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) 
above. 
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to 
an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events 
occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, 
or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), 
in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether 
such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or accrual 
of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of 
the Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or

--- Page 273 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-132 
 
 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (a) 
to (c) above. 
For purposes of this definition of "Governmental Intervention", the term Obligation shall be deemed 
to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
Grace Period means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments 
under and in accordance with the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect as of the date as of 
which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and the applicable 
grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Grace 
Period will be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no period is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, thirty 
calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect 
to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period 
Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace 
Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless Grace 
Period Extension is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, such deemed Grace 
Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose 
in the relevant Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is 
the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction 
of the Obligation Currency. 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if: 
(a) 
Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
the day that is, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, five Business Days following the day 
falling the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. 
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
Hedge Disruption Event means in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any event (including, without 
limitation, any delay in settlement of any Auction) as a result of which the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates has not received the relevant Deliverable Obligations under the terms of any transaction 
entered into by the Issuer and/or such Affiliate to hedge the Issuer's obligations or position in respect 
of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Hedge Disruption Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation included in an Asset Amount which, 
on the Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines cannot be 
Delivered as a result of a Hedge Disruption Event.

--- Page 274 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-133 
 
 
References to Hedge Disruption Event and Hedge Disruption Obligations in these Terms and 
Conditions shall be disregarded in relation to the Credit Linked Notes if the applicable Issue Terms 
specifies "Hedge Disruption Event" as Not Applicable. 
Inconvertibility Event means the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any event 
or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or 
has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor 
(i) to convert the LA Relevant Currency into the Settlement Currency through customary legal 
channels; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to residents 
of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate any funds (in 
the Settlement Currency or the LA Relevant Currency) from accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction 
to accounts outside the Reference Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; 
or (iv) to receive the full value of any cash payment (when converted to the Settlement Currency) 
made under the Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction after the Additional Risk Event Start 
Date by any Governmental Authority of a new currency regime (including the introduction of a dual 
currency regime) or the imposition of currency exchange limitations. 
Initial Applicable Principal Currency Amount means the Applicable Principal Currency Amount 
or, in the case of Instalment Notes, the Applicable Principal Currency Amount as of the Issue Date. 
Intervening Period means such period of time as any person other than the relevant Noteholder shall 
continue to be registered as the legal owner of any securities or other obligations comprising the Asset 
Amount. 
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of principal has been 
or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be determined, the Largest Asset Package 
will be the package of Assets with the highest immediately realisable value, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, if "DC Asset Package Value" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in accordance with the methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee or, if none or if "DC Asset Package Value" is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion by reference to such source(s) as it determines appropriate.  
LA Cash Payment Date means:  
(a) 
if LA Cash Settlement is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and unless otherwise 
specified therein, the date which is 5 Business Days following the Risk Event Determination 
Date; and 
(b) 
if LA Physical Settlement is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and unless otherwise 
specified therein, the date which is 5 Business Days after the LA Physical Settlement Date.  
LA Final Redemption Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, 
if an amount is not so specified, an amount equal to each principal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount’s pro rata portion of an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount divided by the FX Rate.  
LA Physical Settlement Date means the date which is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, 30 calendar days following the Risk Event Determination Date.

--- Page 275 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-134 
 
 
LA Redemption Amount means an amount (which shall not be less than, but may be equal to, zero) 
in the Settlement Currency equal to the Recovery Value, pro rated amongst each principal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount less Unwind Costs determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the date (the LA Valuation Date) selected by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, which falls 
on any Business Day during the period from and including the Risk Event Determination Date to and 
including the LA Cash Payment Date. 
LA Relevant Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, being the 
lawful currency of the Reference Jurisdiction, or if the LA Relevant Currency ceases to be the lawful 
currency of the Reference Jurisdiction, any other lawful currency in effect in such jurisdiction. 
LA Settlement Assets means: 
(a) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Reference Assets; and 
(b) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, Deliverable Obligations selected by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion. 
LA Value Date means (as applicable) the Maturity Date or, where the Notes are interest bearing the 
relevant Interest Payment Date or, where the Notes are Instalment Notes the relevant Instalment Date 
or, if Fixed Recovery LA Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the LA Cash Payment Date (if any), or as the case may be, the LA Cut-Off Date. 
Limitation Date means the first of March 20, June 20, September 20 or December 20 in any year to 
occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the 
Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the 2.5-year Limitation Date), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the 10-
year Limitation Date), 12.5 years, 15 years, or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention and/or Credit Business Day 
Convention. 
London Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London. 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition that has 
the effect of (a) the failure or suspension of normal trading on any recognized securities, futures or 
other exchange on which the Reference Investor Assets or futures thereon are traded; or (b) any 
Reference Investor Asset becoming ineligible for clearance or settlement through the principal 
clearing system or by the relevant settlement procedure for the Reference Investor Assets. 
Market Value means, with respect to a Reference Obligation on a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one 
such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding 
the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the 
same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall 
be disregarded); 
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations;

--- Page 276 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-135 
 
 
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such 
Weighted Average Quotation; 
(e) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained, subject as provided in the definition of Quotation, an amount that the Calculation 
Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations or a 
Weighted Average Quotation is obtained; and 
(f) 
if two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not obtained on or prior 
to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date, the Market Value shall be 
any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations 
for the Reference Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such 
tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which 
such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the 
Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
Maturity Date Settlement Credit Linked Notes means any Credit Linked Notes in respect of which 
“Maturity Date Settlement” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Merger Event means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (i) the Issuer consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges 
into, or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to, a Reference Entity, or (ii) a Reference Entity 
consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to 
the Issuer or (iii) the Issuer become Affiliates of a Reference Entity. 
Merger Event Redemption Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Minimum Quotation Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, the lower of (i) 
U.S.$1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) and (ii) the Quotation Amount). 
M(M)R Restructuring means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" or 
"Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Modified Eligible Transferee means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and 
other financial assets. 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date.  Subject to 
the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Next Currency Fixing Time means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on the London Business Day 
immediately following the NOPS Effective Date. 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation. 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the 
Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued 
or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable).

--- Page 277 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-136 
 
 
Non-Financial Instrument means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable 
for being traded in, financial markets. 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation or if a 
Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Non-Transferable Instrument means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
Notice Delivery Date means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, if 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer. 
NOPS Effective Date means the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or a Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is deemed given.  
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Issue Date to and including (i) the 
Extension Date; or (ii) the Postponed Maturity Date if redemption of the Notes is postponed pursuant 
to Credit Condition 3(g). 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent 
(which may be by telephone) to the Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the 
obligation to deliver) that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice.  The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in 
reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information.  If Notice of Publicly Available 
Information is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, 
such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information.  A Notice of Publicly Available Information shall be subject 
to the requirements regarding notices in Credit Condition 5. 
Obligation means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining Obligations" below; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(c) 
any Additional Obligation specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
in each case unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
Method for Determining Obligations.  For the purposes of paragraph (a) of this definition of 
"Obligation", the term "Obligation" may be defined as each obligation of the Reference Entity 
described by the Obligation Category specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and having each of the 
Obligation Characteristics (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case, immediately 
prior to the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable.  The 
following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
Obligation Category means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, 
Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
where:

--- Page 278 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-137 
 
 
(i) 
Payment means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) 
for the payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed 
Money; 
(ii) 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving 
credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of 
principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall 
include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from 
drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
(iii) 
Reference Obligation Only means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and 
no Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only; 
(iv) 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes 
delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall 
not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(v) 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or 
other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed 
Money; and 
(vi) 
Bond or Loan means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
(b) 
Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, 
Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic 
Issuance specified in the applicable Issue Terms, where: 
(i) 
(A) 
Not Subordinated means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (I) the 
Reference Obligation or (II) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; 
(B) 
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) 
and another obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is 
being compared (the First Obligation), a contractual, trust or similar 
arrangement providing that (i) upon the liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganisation or winding up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders 
of the First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the 
holders of the Second Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Second Obligation 
will not be entitled to receive or retain principal payments in respect of their 
claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in 
payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation.  
"Subordinated" will be construed accordingly.  For purposes of determining 
whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with 
respect to another obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the existence 
of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit 
support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be 
taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities 
arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the 
Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment 
shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in 
circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference 
Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference

--- Page 279 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-138 
 
 
Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, 
in each case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of 
payment after such date; and 
(C) 
Prior Reference Obligation means, in circumstances where there is no 
Reference Obligation applicable to the Notes, (I) the Reference Obligation 
most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (II) the obligation 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, if 
such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and 
otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the 
Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
Specified Currency means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if "Specified Currency" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and no currency is so specified, any Standard 
Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a Specified Currency, "Specified 
Currency" shall also include an obligation that was previously payable in the euro, 
regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European 
Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority; 
(iii) 
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a 
Sovereign or (B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement 
between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred 
to as "Paris Club debt"; 
(iv) 
Not Domestic Currency means any obligation that is payable in any currency other 
than the applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency 
shall not constitute a Domestic Currency; 
(v) 
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable 
Domestic Law, provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New 
York shall not constitute a Domestic Law; 
(vi) 
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on 
an exchange; and 
(vii) 
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued 
(or reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the 
domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity.  Any obligation that is registered 
or, as a result of some other action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified 
for sale outside the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity (regardless of 
whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic 
market of the relevant Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, 
as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market 
of the Reference Entity.

--- Page 280 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-139 
 
 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and 
payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar 
condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect 
of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise 
have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default, or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in the applicable 
Issue Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an obligation of the Reference 
Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for 
purposes of the Notes (other than for the purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not 
Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) 
unless (a) expressly stated to the contrary in the applicable Issue Terms, or (b) the relevant Notes are 
Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
Outstanding Principal Balance, in respect of an Obligation, will be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity’s 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with Credit Condition 10, 
the Reference Entity’s accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case of 
a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but 
unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references 
to the Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the 
Fixed Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be reduced as a result 
of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in 
paragraph (a) less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (b), the Non-
Contingent Amount); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either 
(I) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but 
on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (II) the Valuation Date, as applicable; 
and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar 
as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or 
accrued value of the obligation).

--- Page 281 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-140 
 
 
Ownership Restriction Event means the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
any event or the existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or 
impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any 
Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner of any 
Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof. 
Package Observable Bond means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published on https:ihsmarkit.com/index.html from time 
to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website from 
time to time and (b) which fell within paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation, 
in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event was 
legally effective. 
Payment Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if a Payment Requirement is not specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, U.S.$1,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or 
Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable. 
Permitted Contingency means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of 
the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or 
provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment 
obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(v) 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, 
released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their 
behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such 
obligation. 
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption 
by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution 
of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also 
a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
Physical Settlement Period means the number of Business Days specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation comprising an Asset Amount, the longest number of Business Days for settlement in 
accordance with then current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine, provided that if the Asset Amount comprises an Asset Package in lieu of a Prior

--- Page 282 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-141 
 
 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period shall be thirty 
five Business Days.   
Post Dismissal Additional Period means the period from and including the date of the DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided 
that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or after the Issue Date and prior 
to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period).   
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, 
any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without regard 
to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable 
to such Obligations. 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph (a) of 
the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Prior Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement, as 
applicable), any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such 
Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) 
fell within paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation, in each case, 
immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally 
effective; or  
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in 
respect of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable 
Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement, as applicable), 
such Reference Obligation, if any. 
Private-side Loan means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding 
or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
Prohibited Action means any counterclaim, defense (other than a counterclaim or defense based on 
the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of Credit Event) or right of set-off by or 
of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms (or, if a source is not specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The 
Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri 
Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire 
(and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the 
Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally recognised published or electronically 
displayed news sources).  
Publicly Available Information means: 
(a) 
information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination that the 
Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in a Credit Event 
Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have occurred and which:

--- Page 283 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-142 
 
 
(i) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources, 
(regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such 
information); 
(ii) 
is information received from or published by (1) the Reference Entity (or, if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or 
other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign), or (2) a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an 
Obligation; or 
(iii) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however 
described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative, regulatory or judicial body, 
provided that where any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (ii) or (iii) above 
is not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be 
made public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
(b) 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (a)(ii) or, (a)(iii) above, the 
Calculation Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating 
any law, agreement or understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information and that the entity delivering such information has not taken any action or entered 
into any agreement or understanding with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the 
Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such 
information to the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state: 
(i) 
in relation to the definition of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting 
Shares owned by the Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
that the relevant occurrence:  
(A) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement;  
(B) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or  
(C) 
 has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
(d) 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must 
relate to the events described in both paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
Qualifying Guarantee means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a 
statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not 
covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the 
Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in 
either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing 
law).

--- Page 284 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-143 
 
 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or 
any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity 
and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, 
in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the 
occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an 
event of the type described in the definition of Bankruptcy in respect of the Reference Entity or the 
Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is 
permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(x) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery 
of the Underlying Obligation; and 
(y) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed 
Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
Qualifying Participation Seller means any participation seller that meets the requirements specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no Qualifying 
Participation Seller. 
Quantum of the Claim means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted against 
the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become 
redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of the 
relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent 
Amount.

--- Page 285 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-144 
 
 
Quotation means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed 
as a percentage of the Reference Obligation’s Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation 
Date from five or more Quotation Dealers.  If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two 
or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a 
Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business 
Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers 
and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation.   
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following 
the applicable Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no 
Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations for the Reference 
Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business 
Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations 
were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for 
which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
Quotation Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (which may be 
specified by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to a Representative Amount) or, if 
no amount is so specified, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes (or, in either case, 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent 
in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the 
relevant Quotation is being obtained). 
Quotation Dealer means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) for which Quotations are 
to be obtained, including each Quotation Dealer specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  If no 
Quotation Dealers are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall select the 
Quotation Dealers in its sole and absolute discretion.  Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in 
existence (with no successors), or not being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which 
Quotations are to be obtained, the Calculation Agent may substitute any other Quotation Dealer(s) for 
such Quotation Dealer(s). 
Quotation Method means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
by reference to one of the following terms: 
(a) 
Bid means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
Offer means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
Mid-market means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers 
and shall be averaged for purposes of determining a relevant Quotation Dealer's quotation. 
If a Quotation Method is not specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Bid shall apply. 
Recovery Value means: 
(a) 
if Fixed Recovery LA Redemption Amount is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the highest firm bid quotation that the Calculation Agent is able to obtain on the 
LA Valuation Date from the Reference Dealers for the sale to the Reference Dealers of:

--- Page 286 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-145 
 
 
(i) 
if Credit Condition 6(c) is applicable, the relevant Undeliverable Assets; or 
(ii) 
if Credit Condition 6(d) is applicable, an original face amount equal to the Initial 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount of the LA Settlement Assets of the relevant 
Reference Entity, as such assets may be amended from time to time (including without 
limitation any securities, cash proceeds or other assets into which such assets shall 
have been exchanged or converted from time to time), 
in each case in the Settlement Currency payable outside the Reference Jurisdiction, provided 
that if none of the Reference Dealers provides such a firm quotation then the Recovery Value 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion. The applicable Recovery 
Value may be equal to zero; or  
(b) 
if Fixed Recovery LA Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the Fixed Recovery LA Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms.   
Reference Assets means an amount of any assets specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
issued by the relevant Reference Entity with an original maturity date as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and an original face amount equal to the Initial Applicable Principal Currency Amount, 
as such assets may be amended from time to time (including without limitation any securities, cash 
proceeds or other assets into which such assets shall have been exchanged or converted from time to 
time, provided that when determining whether any of the events or conditions that may be applicable 
to the Note(s) have occurred, such determination shall be made by the Calculation Agent with 
reference to the terms and conditions of the original Reference Assets and not such replacement 
securities or assets). 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement means any formal or informal (express or implied) 
arrangement, method, means or account type through which a Reference Investor may hold, directly 
or indirectly, an interest (including a beneficial interest) in the Reference Investor Assets and/or any 
amount received in respect thereof. 
Reference Custodian means the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Dealers means such leading dealers, banks or banking corporations, which are not resident 
in the Reference Jurisdiction (if any) and which deal in obligations of the type of the Deliverable 
Obligations, Undeliverable Assets or LA Settlement Assets (as applicable) as are selected by the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, in order to determine the Final Price or the Recovery Value 
(as applicable). 
Reference Entity means the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  Any Successor to 
the Reference Entity either (a) identified by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the definition of 
"Successor" in this Credit Condition 8 on or following the Issue Date or (b) identified pursuant to a 
DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date and publicly announced by the DC 
Secretary on or following the Trade Date shall, in each case, with effect from the Succession Date be 
the Reference Entity for the purposes of the relevant Notes, unless in the case of sub-paragraph (b) the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner and taking into account 
the differences between the definition of Successor under the 2014 Definitions and the definition of 
Successor hereunder and such other factor(s) as it deems appropriate, determines that it is 
inappropriate to follow such DC Resolution for the purposes of the Notes.  
Reference Investor means any person that holds or owns the Reference Investor Assets, which may 
include the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates (including, without limitation, any trust, special purpose

--- Page 287 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-146 
 
 
vehicle or account through which the Issuer or any of its Affiliates may hold Reference Investor Assets 
in the Reference Jurisdiction). 
Reference Investor Assets means: 
(a) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Reference Assets; and 
(b) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, Obligations and/or Deliverable Obligations. 
Reference Jurisdiction means the jurisdiction specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Obligation means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if 
any; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
(or no election is specified in the applicable Issue Terms), (ii) there is no Standard Reference 
Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation 
and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard 
Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
Reference Obligation Only Notes means any Notes in respect of which (a) "Reference Obligation 
Only" is specified as the Obligation Category in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) "Standard 
Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms.  If the Notes are 
Reference Obligation Only Notes and the event set out in paragraph (a) of the definition of Substitution 
Event occurs with respect to the Reference Obligation, the provisions of Credit Condition 4(c) above 
or Credit Condition 11 below, as applicable, shall apply. Notwithstanding the definition of Substitute 
Reference Obligation herein (i) no Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect of 
Notes which are Reference Obligation Only Notes and (ii) if the Notes are Reference Obligation Only 
Notes and the events set out in paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of Substitution Event occur with 
respect to the Reference Obligation, such Reference Obligation shall continue to be the Reference 
Obligation. 
Regulatory Change Cost means, in respect of a Regulatory Change Event, an amount, determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the cost which a Reference Investor would have incurred in respect 
of such Regulatory Change Event had it purchased, received, held, transferred or sold the Reference 
Investor Assets (and/or any amount received in respect thereof) at any time during the term of the 
Note(s).  
Regulatory Change Event means: 
(a) 
the adoption of, change in or change in the interpretation or administration of, any law, rule, 
directive, decree or regulation in the Reference Jurisdiction after the Trade Date by any 
Governmental Authority or any settlement system, depositary or other entity charged by any 
Governmental Authority to regulate the holding, transferring and/or taxing of (including 
amounts received in respect of) Reference Investor Assets; and/or

--- Page 288 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-147 
 
 
(b) 
the compliance by a Reference Investor (and/or its custodian, if any, in respect of the 
Reference Investor Assets) with any request or directive of any Governmental Authority 
(provided that such term shall also include any taxing authority) or any settlement system, 
depositary or other entity charged by any Governmental Authority to regulate the holding, 
transferring and/or taxing of (including amounts received in respect of) Reference Investor 
Assets, 
which in any such case: 
(i) 
would, in respect of any amount of Reference Investor Assets (and/or any amount received in 
respect thereof) which a Reference Investor could have held during the term of the Note(s), 
impose, modify or apply any tax, charge, duty, reserve, special deposit, insurance assessment 
or any other requirement on such Reference Investor (and this results in additional costs to a 
Reference Investor); and/or 
(ii) 
increases in any other way the actual or potential cost to a Reference Investor of hedging the 
obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Note(s) at any time during the term of the Note(s). 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
Relevant Holder means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding Amount 
specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
Relevant Obligations means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if 
there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided 
that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or 
held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required 
to be made under paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor, make the appropriate 
adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, 
repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first succession 
to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior 
Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, the Relevant 
Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated 
Obligation, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further 
Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
"Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations"

--- Page 289 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-148 
 
 
shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan". 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market and at the relevant time, which amount the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement; or 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto 
or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement; and 
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, 
determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation 
occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on 
or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (i) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the date that is 60 days 
after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date under any such 
Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any 
applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date 
of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date unless the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied:  
(i) 
if DC Determinations is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, by the public announcement 
by the DC Secretary, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received 
on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the Reference 
Entity has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, unless the DC Resolutions in 
respect of which the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and taking into account the differences between the definition of Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium under the 2014 Definitions and the definition of Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium hereunder and such other factor(s) as it deems appropriate, 
determines are inappropriate to follow for the purposes of the Notes; or  
(ii) 
otherwise, by the delivery of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, if Notice of 
Publicly Available Information is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information that are each effective on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or, if Credit Condition 3(g)(ii) applies, the Postponed Maturity Date.

--- Page 290 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-149 
 
 
In all cases if DC Determinations is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not 
capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (A) an event does not 
constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity, 
or (B) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an 
Obligation of the Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
unless the DC Resolutions in respect of which the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and taking into account the differences between the definition of 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium under the 2014 Definitions and the definition of Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium hereunder and such other factor(s) as it deems appropriate, determines are 
inappropriate to follow for the purposes of the Notes. If the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition is subsequently deemed not to have been satisfied in accordance with the foregoing, the 
Notes shall continue in accordance with their terms as if the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition had not been satisfied, subject to such adjustments as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to reflect the retrospective effect of this provision 
(including, without limitation, adjusting the due date for redemption and/or payment of any amount 
due under the Notes as applicable). 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means an irrevocable notice (which may be by 
telephone) from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not 
the obligation to deliver) that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior 
to the Scheduled Maturity Date.  A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a 
description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence.  The Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not 
be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. A 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices set 
out in Credit Condition 5. 
Resolve has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be 
interpreted accordingly. 
Restructured Bond or Loan means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which 
the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
Restructuring means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a 
form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a 
Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of the Obligation to bind all the holders 
of such Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of 
Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of 
such Obligation in effect as of the later of the Trade Date or, if Credit Event Backstop Date is specified 
as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Credit Event Backstop Date and the date as of which such 
Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way 
of redenomination);

--- Page 291 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-150 
 
 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (x) the payment or accrual of 
interest, or (y) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination 
of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency 
other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which 
succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a 
freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at 
the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, 
principal or premium payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate 
of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs 
(a) to (e) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment 
or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs 
(a) to (e) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from 
a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity provided 
that in respect of (e) above only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros into 
another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a 
Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of 
such Governmental Authority. 
For purposes of this definition of Restructuring and the definition of Multiple Holder Obligation, the 
term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is 
acting as provider of a Guarantee.  In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references 
to the Reference Entity in the initial paragraph of the definition of Restructuring shall be deemed to 
refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in the second paragraph of 
this definition of Restructuring shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under (a) to 
(e) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to 
such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
Restructuring Date means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with 
the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring.

--- Page 292 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-151 
 
 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the 
latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation 
Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan) and the 
Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured 
Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of such 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
Revised Currency Rate means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in which the 
Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is determined 
either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time, or (b) if such 
rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
Risk Event means the occurrence or existence of (a) a Credit Event or (b) if the Issue Terms specify 
"Additional Risk Event Applicable", an Additional Risk Event, provided that no Additional Risk 
Events shall be applicable where First to Default Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms unless the Notes are Exempt Notes. 
Risk Event Determination Date means the date on which the Issuer declares that a Risk Event has 
occurred or exists pursuant to Credit Condition 6(c), 6(d) or 6(e) above. 
Risk Event Determination Period means the period from and including the Additional Risk Event 
Start Date, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, to and including the Maturity Date. 
Senior Obligation means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
Seniority Level means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, (a) "Senior Level" or 
"Subordinated Level" as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or (b) if no such seniority level is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) "Senior Level". 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or if no 
currency is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Specified Currency of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Settlement Date means, subject to Credit Condition 3(m), the last day of the longest Physical 
Settlement Period following: 
(a) 
the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event Determination Date; or  
(b) 
if Physical Delivery is the applicable Fallback Settlement Method, (1) if Credit 
Condition 3(b)(i) above applies, the earlier to occur of the No Auction Announcement Date, 
the Auction Cut-Off Date (if the occurrence of this date were the cause of the applicability of 
the Fallback Settlement Method), the Auction Final Price Cut-off Date (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the occurrence of this date were the cause of the 
applicability of the Fallback Settlement Method), the Calculation Agent No Auction 
Determination Date or the Auction Cancellation Date or (2) if Credit Condition 3(b)(ii) above 
applies, the Credit Event Determination Date,

--- Page 293 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-152 
 
 
(in either case, the Scheduled Settlement Date) provided that if a Hedge Disruption Event has 
occurred and is continuing on the second Business Day immediately preceding the Scheduled 
Settlement Date, the Settlement Date shall be the earlier of (i) the second Business Day following the 
date on which no Hedge Disruption Event subsists and (ii) the day falling 60 Business Days following 
the Scheduled Settlement Date. 
Settlement/Custodial Event means (a) the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date, of 
any event, the existence of any condition or the taking of any action that results, or may result with 
the passage of time, in the Bankruptcy (as if references to "Reference Entity" were changed to 
"Custodian" for these purposes) of any Custodian or (b) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets 
owned by such Reference Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (i) fails to 
perform in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed to a Reference Investor under any 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (ii) fails to take any action when instructed to do so 
by a Reference Investor pursuant to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or 
(iii) takes any action which is contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement; in each case that affects or may affect, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the Issuer’s obligations 
with respect to the Note(s). 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit a Reference Entity's 
payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise 
varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular 
tier. 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which 
is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (i) in respect of which a 
Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement, as 
applicable, has occurred and (ii), which fell within paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in 
accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Sovereign Succession Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar 
event. 
Specified Number means the number of Public Source(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, two). 
SRO 
List 
means 
the 
list 
of 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligations 
as 
published 
on 
https:ihsmarkit.com/index.html from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time. 
Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. If the Standard Reference 
Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to be the Reference Obligation 
(other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be no Reference Obligation unless and until 
such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in which case, the new Standard Reference 
Obligation in respect of the Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference Obligation.

--- Page 294 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-153 
 
 
Steps Plan means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series 
of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more 
entities. 
Subordinated Obligation means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed. 
Substitute Reference Obligation means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to 
which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided 
that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference 
Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the 
Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
and such obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution, 
unless the DC Resolution in respect of which the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner and taking into account the differences between the 
definition of Reference Obligation and Substitute Reference Obligation under the 2014 
Definitions and those definitions hereunder and such other factor(s) as it deems appropriate, 
determines are inappropriate to follow for the purposes of the Notes.  
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of Substitution Event 
have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the 
"Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii) below). If the event set forth in paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference 
Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under paragraph (b) or 
(c) of the definition of Substitution Event occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider 
of a guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it 
was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment after 
such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation; or if no such obligation is available,

--- Page 295 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-154 
 
 
(2) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed 
Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation; or if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation; or 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non- 
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to 
the Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(2) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation; or if no such obligation is available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation. 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process 
described in paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential 
Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the 
delivery and/or payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will notify (which notification may be by 
telephone) the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable 
after it has been identified in accordance with paragraph (c) above and the Substitute 
Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation immediately upon 
such notification.

--- Page 296 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-155 
 
 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, then, subject to paragraph (a) above and 
notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be 
the Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect of any 
Notes that are Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
Substitution Date means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent notifies (which notification may be by telephone) the Issuer of the Substitute 
Reference Obligation that it has identified in accordance with the definition of Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
Substitution Event means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole;  
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been reduced 
by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of 
itself, constitute a Substitution Event.  If an event described in (a) or (b) above has occurred on or prior 
to the Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to paragraph 
(a) or (b), as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
Substitution Event Date means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence 
of the relevant Substitution Event. 
Succession Date means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to 
some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is 
a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect 
of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination pursuant to paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Successor would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such 
Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date or, if DC Determinations is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and a Credit Event Determination Date occurs, the occurrence 
of the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date, in each case in respect of the Reference Entity 
or any entity which would constitute a Successor.  
Successor means, subject to paragraph (c) below: 
(a) 
the entity or entities, if any, determined as set forth below: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (vii) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor;

--- Page 297 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-156 
 
 
(ii) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to more than twenty-five per cent. (but less than seventy-five per cent.) of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the 
entity that succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
will be the sole Successor; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor 
and these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms will be adjusted as 
provided below; 
(iv) 
if one or more entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of 
the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the 
Reference Entity will each be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Issue Terms will be adjusted as provided below; 
(v) 
if one or more entities succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no 
entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no 
Successor and the Reference Entity will not be changed in any way as a result of such 
succession;  
(vi) 
if one or more entities succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no 
entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds 
to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided 
that if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, 
each such entity will be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Issue Terms will be adjusted as provided below); and 
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of 
the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, 
and at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to 
exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever 
described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money 
obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption, such entity 
(the Universal Successor) will be the sole Successor. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable 
after delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor 
or Successors under paragraph (a) above; provided that the Calculation Agent will not make 
such determination if, at the time of determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no 
Successor based on the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations, unless the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and taking into account 
the differences between the definition of Successor under the 2014 Definitions and the

--- Page 298 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-157 
 
 
definition of Successor hereunder and such other factor(s) as it deems appropriate, determines 
that it is inappropriate to follow such DC Resolutions for the purposes of the Notes.  
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made 
under this definition of Successor on the basis of Eligible Information and as soon as 
practicable after any such calculation or determination will notify (which notification may be 
by telephone) the Issuer of such calculation or determination and make such calculation or 
determination available for inspection by Noteholder(s) at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent.  
In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor 
under paragraph (a) above, if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all 
related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single 
succession.  
(c) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, 
or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date 
occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately 
prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one 
Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
(d) 
For purposes of this definition of Successor, succeed means, with respect to a Reference Entity 
and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or 
becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any 
agreement (including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, 
treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or 
incurs Loans (the Exchange Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, 
and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or 
Loans, as applicable. For purposes of this definition of Successor, succeeded and succession 
shall be construed accordingly. 
(e) 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to paragraph (a) above 
shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations 
exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange Bonds 
or Loans. 
(f) 
If two or more entities (each, a Joint Potential Successor) jointly succeed to a Relevant 
Obligation (the Joint Relevant Obligation) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference 
Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint 
Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as 
direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it 
shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential 
Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or 
guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts.

--- Page 299 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-158 
 
 
(g) 
Where, pursuant to paragraph (a)(iii), (a)(iv) or (a)(vi) above, more than one Successor has 
been identified, the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of the Terms and Conditions and/or 
the applicable Issue Terms as it in its sole and absolute discretion acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner shall determine to be appropriate to reflect that the relevant Reference 
Entity has been succeeded by more than one Successor and shall determine the effective date 
of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner if it adjusts such of the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms in such a manner as to reflect the adjustment to and/or division of any credit derivative 
transaction(s) related to or underlying the Notes under the provisions of the 2014 Definitions. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the General Conditions, stating 
the adjustment to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms and giving brief 
details of the relevant succession. 
Successor Backstop Date means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date 
otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Successor 
Notice is effective and (ii) in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has 
occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination and (C) the Successor Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer not more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make 
a Successor determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date, unless the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and taking into account the differences 
between the definition of Successor under the 2014 Definitions and the definition of Successor 
hereunder and such other factor(s) as it deems appropriate, determines the DC Resolutions the subject 
of such request inappropriate to follow for the purposes of the Notes. The Successor Backstop Date 
shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention and/or Credit 
Business Day Convention.  
Successor Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent (which may be by 
telephone) to the Issuer that describes a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and 
pursuant to which one or more Successors to the Reference Entity can be determined. 
A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination to be made pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor. 
Successor Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary requesting 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors 
to the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which TARGET2 System is open. 
TARGET2 System means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System. 
Tax Deduction Amount means, in respect of a payment in respect of the Reference Investor Assets, 
an amount equal to any and all withholding(s) or deduction(s) for or on account of any taxes or duties 
(for the avoidance of doubt, whether effective at and/or after the Trade Date) of whatever nature that 
would be imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of any authority of the Reference Jurisdiction 
in respect of such payment to a Reference Investor.

--- Page 300 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-159 
 
 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means any credit derivatives auction settlement terms 
published on www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website thereto) (Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms) that the Calculation Agent determines are applicable. 
Undeliverable LA Redemption Amount means an amount (which shall not be less than, but may be 
equal to, zero) in the Settlement Currency equal to the Recovery Value less Unwind Costs, if any (but 
excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the principal amount of the 
relevant LA Settlement Assets to deliver), all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the date (the 
LA Valuation Date) selected by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, which falls on any 
Business Day during the period from and including the LA Physical Settlement Date to and including 
the LA Cash Payment Date.  
Undeliverable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation included in an Asset Amount which, on 
the Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines for any reason 
(including without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, 
court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the 
Delivery of Loans) it is impossible, impracticable or illegal to Deliver on the Settlement Date. 
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee. 
Underlying Obligor means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, 
the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying 
Obligation. 
Underlying RMB Currency Event means any one of Underlying RMB Illiquidity, Underlying RMB 
Inconvertibility and Underlying RMB Non-Transferability. 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity means the occurrence of any event or circumstance after the Additional 
Risk Event Start Date whereby (i) the general Renminbi exchange market outside the PRC becomes 
illiquid (including, without limitation, the existence of any significant price distortion) as a result of 
which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under the Notes 
or any party to a Hedge Position would not be able to obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform 
its obligations under such Hedge Position; or (ii) it becomes impossible or impractical for the Issuer 
(or would be impossible or impractical for any party to a Hedge Position) to obtain a firm quote of the 
exchange rate, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner; 
Underlying RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date 
of any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or 
impracticable for, or has the effect prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, the 
Issuer or any party to a Hedge Position to convert any amount as may be required to be paid by any 
party on any payment date in respect of the Notes or any Hedge Position into RMB, other than where 
such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or 
any of its affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any of its affiliates, 
due to an event beyond the control of that party and/or its affiliates, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation);

--- Page 301 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-160 
 
 
Underlying RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start 
Date of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer or (if applicable) any 
party to a Hedge Position and/or any of its affiliates to deliver RMB between accounts inside the 
relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or from an account inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) 
to an account outside such RMB Settlement Centre(s) (including where the RMB clearing and 
settlement system for participating banks in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted or 
suspended) or from an account outside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account inside 
such RMB Settlement Centre(s), other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is 
due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any of its affiliates to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted 
after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series and it is impossible, impracticable or 
illegal for the relevant party and/or any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the 
relevant party and/or any of its affiliates (as applicable), to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
Unwind Costs means the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms or if Standard Unwind 
Costs are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, fees, charges, expenses (including loss of funding), 
tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with the redemption of 
the Credit Linked Notes and (if the Issuer has elected to hedge its exposure and such hedge is held at 
the related redemption) the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any hedge or related 
trading position, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst each principal amount of Credit 
Linked Notes in the Calculation Amount. 
Valuation Date means, subject to Credit Condition 3(m), (i) where Physical Delivery is specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms, the day falling two Business Days after the Final Delivery 
Date, or (ii) where Cash Settlement is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, (A) if 
"Single Valuation Date" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the date that is (i) the number of 
Business Days specified in the Issue Terms or (ii), if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 
five Business Days, in either case after (x) the Credit Event Determination Date or (y) if Cash 
Settlement is the applicable Fallback Settlement Method, (1) if Credit Condition 3(b)(i) above applies, 
the earlier to occur of the No Auction Announcement Date, the Auction Cut-Off Date (if the 
occurrence of this date were the cause of the applicability of the Fallback Settlement Method), the 
Auction Final Price Cut-off Date (if the occurrence of this date were the cause of the applicability of 
the Fallback Settlement Method), the Calculation Agent No Auction Determination Date or the 
Auction Cancellation Date or (2) if Credit Condition 3(b)(ii) above applies, the Credit Event 
Determination Date, and (B) if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
each of the following dates: 
(a) 
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms after (x) 
the Credit Event Determination Date or (y) if Cash Settlement is the applicable Fallback 
Settlement Method, (1) if Credit Condition 3(b)(i) above applies, the earlier to occur of the 
No Auction Announcement Date, the Auction Cut-Off Date (if the occurrence of this date 
were the cause of the applicability of the Fallback Settlement Method), the Auction Final Price 
Cut-off Date (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if the occurrence of 
this date were the cause of the applicability of the Fallback Settlement Method), the 
Calculation Agent No Auction Determination Date or the Auction Cancellation Date or (2) if 
Credit Condition 3(b)(ii) above applies, the Credit Event Determination Date (or in either case 
if the number of Business Days is not specified, five Business Days); and 
(b) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (or if the number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) after the 
date on which the Calculation Agent obtains a Market Value with respect to the immediately 
preceding Valuation Date.

--- Page 302 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-161 
 
 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the total number of 
Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, five Valuation Dates). 
If neither Single Valuation Date nor Multiple Valuation Dates is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, Single Valuation Date shall apply. 
Valuation Method: 
(i) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms for a Series 
with only one Valuation Date: 
(A) 
Market means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date; or 
(B) 
Highest means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date. 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Method 
shall be Highest. 
(ii) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms for a Series 
with more than one Valuation Date: 
(A) 
Average Market means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date; or 
(B) 
Highest means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to any Valuation Date; or 
(C) 
Average Highest means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date. 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Method 
shall be Average Highest. 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, if Quotations include Weighted Average 
Quotations or fewer than two Full Quotations, the Valuation Method shall be Market or 
Average Market, as the case may be. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if no such time is 
specified, 11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Reference Obligation). 
Weighted Average Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted 
average of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Reference Obligation with an Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as available but less than the 
Quotation Amount (but of a size at least equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount) that in aggregate 
are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
9. 
TIMINGS 
The Calculation Agent will determine the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Credit 
Conditions on the basis that the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean 
Time (or, if the Reference Entity has a material connection to Japan for these purposes, Tokyo time),

--- Page 303 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-162 
 
 
irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred.  Any event occurring at midnight shall be 
deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
In addition, if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, 
on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to 
have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Reference Entity has a 
material connection to Japan for these purposes, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its place 
of payment. 
10. 
ACCRUED INTEREST FOR DELIVERY OR VALUATION 
(a) 
If Credit Condition 3(d) applies, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Asset Amount will exclude accrued but unpaid interest, unless "Include Accrued 
Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case, the Outstanding Principal Balance 
of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Asset Amount will include accrued but unpaid interest 
(as the Calculation Agent shall determine); 
(b) 
If Credit Condition 3(c) applies and: 
(x) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(y) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; 
or 
(z) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current 
market practice in the market of the Reference Obligation whether the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Reference Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, 
if applicable, the amount thereof; or 
(c) 
If Credit Condition 3(i) is applicable, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current 
market practice in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, whether the relevant Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but 
unpaid interest. 
11. 
EARLY REDEMPTION OF REFERENCE OBLIGATION ONLY NOTES FOLLOWING A 
SUBSTITUTION EVENT 
If the Notes are Reference Obligation Only Notes relating to a single Reference Entity and the event 
set out in paragraph (a) of the definition of Substitution Event above occurs with respect to the 
Reference Obligation, then each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be 
redeemed by the Issuer by payment of the Early Redemption Amount on the fifth Business Day 
following the relevant Substitution Event Date.  
12. 
AMENDMENT OF CREDIT CONDITIONS AND ISSUE TERMS IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
MARKET CONVENTION 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of these Credit Conditions and the 
applicable Issue Terms in any manner which the Calculation Agent determines in a commercially 
reasonable manner is necessary or desirable from the perspective of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or any Affiliate of the Issuer hedging the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes (i) to incorporate 
and/or reflect (x) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time published by or on 
behalf of ISDA with respect to the documentation, trading or settlement of credit derivative

--- Page 304 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-163 
 
 
transactions and/or (y) the operation or application of determinations by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and/or (ii) to reflect or account for market practice for credit derivative 
transactions.  Any amendment made in accordance with this Credit Condition 12 shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the General Conditions. 
13. 
2019 NARROWLY TAILORED CREDIT EVENT PROVISIONS 
If "2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the following provisions shall apply for the purpose of the Notes. 
(a) 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Credit Condition 8 (Definitions Applicable to 
Credit Linked Notes) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:  
"Outstanding Principal Balance, in respect of an obligation, will be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with Credit Condition 10 
(Accrued Interest for Delivery or Valuation), the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid 
interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of 
the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were 
references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be reduced as a result 
of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in 
paragraph (a) less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (b), the Non-
Contingent Amount); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, 
in each case determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either 
(I) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but 
on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (II) the Valuation Date, as applicable; 
and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar 
as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or 
accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of paragraph (B) above, applicable laws shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other law affecting creditors' rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject. 
If "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or 
discounted under paragraph (B) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less 
than ninety-five per cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced 
is less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does 
not include provisions relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an

--- Page 305 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-164 
 
 
early redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of 
Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall 
be the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight line 
interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and the 
principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable.  
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under a 
Loan is less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment 
amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation:  
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price or amount 
advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be deemed to be equal 
to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered 
or exchanged (the Original Obligation(s)) at the time of such exchange (determined without 
regard to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously issued 
by the Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same issue price or 
amount advanced as the prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for the 
Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting obligations 
for the purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such 
allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of 
the obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee or, if none, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion in such manner and by reference to such source(s) as it determines appropriate.".  
(b) 
Failure to Pay 
The definition of "Failure to Pay" in Credit Condition 8 (Definitions Applicable to Credit Linked 
Notes) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
"Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of 
any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference 
Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such 
Obligations at the time of such failure. If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a 
result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which 
is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available 
market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be 
deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in 
the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. If "Credit Deterioration 
Requirement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly either 
result from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference 
Entity and, in relation to an applicable Credit Event Determination Date determined pursuant to 
paragraph (b) of the definition thereof, the determination of such will be made by the Calculation 
Agent.  In making such determination, the Calculation Agent may take into account the guidance note 
set out in paragraph 3 (Interpretive Guidance) of the ISDA 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (published on 15 July, 2019).".

--- Page 306 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-165 
 
 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
This Valuation and Settlement Schedule shall apply to each Tranche of Notes. 
All determinations, considerations, elections, selections or calculations made or decided on in relation 
to matters set out in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule will be determined, considered, elected, 
selected or calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST AND REDEMPTION 
1.1 
Provisions relating to Interest 
If the Notes are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes, 
the Interest Amount (if any) shall be determined as provided in Condition 2 below and in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Subject as provided in any applicable Underlying Schedule, if the Notes are not expressed in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes, no amount in respect of interest 
shall be due or payable. 
1.2 
Provisions relating to Redemption 
Subject as provided in any applicable Underlying Schedule where the Notes are Cash Settled Notes, 
and in any applicable Underlying Schedule in respect of Physical Delivery Notes, the Redemption 
Amount shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 5(a) of the General 
Conditions unless Recovery Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in which 
case, the Redemption Amount shall be determined as the LA Redemption Amount set out in the 
applicable Credit Conditions but, for which purpose, the LA Valuation Date shall be the date specified 
as such in respect of the Maturity Date in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, such 
date as is selected by the Calculation Agent and the applicable Recovery Value shall be determined 
pursuant to paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition thereof (regardless of whether Fixed Recovery LA 
Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms). 
Where the Notes are Credit Linked Notes that are Physical Delivery Notes, the provisions relating to 
settlement by way of physical delivery, are set out in the applicable Underlying Schedule.  
1.3 
Provisions relating to the Early Redemption Amount 
For the purpose of Condition 5(d) of the General Conditions and in the case of LA Credit Linked Notes 
subject to Credit Condition 5(f) and Credit Condition 5(i) (as applicable and if Underlying Schedule 
1 – Credit Linked Conditions applies) or Credit Condition 6(f) and Credit Condition 6(j) (as applicable 
and if Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Definitions) applies), if Recovery 
Value is specified in respect of the Early Redemption Amount in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Early Redemption Amount shall be determined as the LA Redemption Amount set out in the Credit 
Conditions but, for which purpose, the LA Valuation Date shall be such date as is selected by the 
Calculation Agent and the applicable Recovery Value shall be determined pursuant to paragraph (a)(ii) 
of the definition thereof (regardless of whether Fixed Recovery LA Redemption Amount is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms).  
1.4 
Provisions relating to Optional Redemption Amount 
For the purposes of Condition 5(e) and 5(f) of the General Conditions and in the case of LA Credit 
Linked Notes subject to Credit Condition 5(f) and Credit Condition 5(i) (as applicable and if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions applies) or Credit Condition 6(f) and Credit 
Condition 6(i) (as applicable and if Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions (2014

--- Page 307 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-166 
 
 
Definitions) applies), if Recovery Value is specified as the Optional Redemption Amount in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount shall be determined as the LA 
Redemption Amount set out in the Credit Conditions but, for which purpose, the LA Valuation Date 
shall be the date specified as such in respect of the relevant Optional Redemption Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, such date as is selected by the Calculation Agent and the 
applicable Recovery Value shall be determined pursuant to paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition thereof 
(regardless of whether Fixed Recovery LA Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms). 
1.5 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments 
and Regulatory Obligations), in the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of the relevant 
event or circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustments may (a) consist of one or 
more amendments and/or be made on one or more dates (b) be determined by reference to any 
adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance made in relation to any hedging 
arrangements in respect of the Notes and (c) include selecting a successor benchmark(s) and 
making related adjustments to the terms of the Notes, and, in the case of more than one 
successor benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor 
benchmarks; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer may (at its option) redeem the Notes on a day selected by the Issuer, each principal 
amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount being redeemed by payment of an amount 
equal to the Early Redemption Amount. 
Provided that the Calculation Agent has fully determined any adjustment(s) as provided above to the 
terms of the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of such determination made by it and 
the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination as soon as reasonably practicable 
and in any event prior to the earliest relevant effective date. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders 
thereof or of any election to redeem the Notes as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of the General Conditions. Failure by the Calculation Agent 
to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders of any such determination or 
election will not affect the validity of any such determination or election. 
For the purposes of the above: 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means the Calculation Agent determines that (1) a Benchmark 
Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur, or (2) any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect 
of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will 
not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or 
regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes, 
or (3) it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in connection 
with the Notes as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or 
maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations 
in respect of the Notes and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked 
or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence), or (4) there has been 
an official announcement by the supervisor of the administrator and/or sponsor of a relevant

--- Page 308 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-167 
 
 
Benchmark that the relevant Benchmark is no longer representative, or as of a specified future date 
will no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic 
reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure. 
Benchmark means any figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the Notes, 
or the value of the Notes, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure or rate, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event means, in respect of the Benchmark any of the 
following: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark in respect of the 
Notes. 
 
INTEREST 
2.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 21 of the General Conditions in the case of Credit Linked Notes: 
(a) 
if the Notes are expressed to be Fixed Rate Notes in the applicable Issue Terms and Accrual 
is specified as "Not Applicable" in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and 
the applicable Issue Terms then the Issuer will pay the Interest Amount specified for 
the relevant Interest Payment Date in the Settlement Currency;   
(ii) 
the Interest Amount will be the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, 
where more than one amount is so specified, the amount specified in respect of the 
relevant Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) 
Condition 5(e) of the General Conditions will be amended by the deletion of the words 
"together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date" therein;  
(iv) 
Condition 5(f) of the General Conditions will be amended by the deletion of the words 
"together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date" therein; and 
(v) 
if the Notes are redeemed pursuant to Condition 5(b), Condition 5(e), Condition 5(f) 
or Condition 9 of the General Conditions, Condition 1.5 of the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule or Credit Condition 2(j) (if Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit 
Linked Conditions applies), Credit Condition 3(j) (if Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit 
Linked Conditions (2014 Definitions) applies) or Credit Condition 11 (if Underlying 
Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Definitions) applies), no interest will 
be payable in respect of which the relevant Interest Payment Date has not occurred on 
or prior to the date fixed for such redemption, Provided That if the date fixed for such 
redemption falls prior to the first Interest Payment Date, no interest shall be payable 
in respect of the Notes; or

--- Page 309 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-168 
 
 
(b) 
if the Notes are expressed to be Fixed Rate Notes in the applicable Issue Terms and Accrual 
is specified to be "Applicable" in the Issue Terms, then each such Fixed Rate Note bears 
interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal 
to the Interest Rate(s).  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in 
each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period 
ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such date will 
amount to the Interest Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if 
so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Except where an applicable Interest Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Payment Date and the related Interest Period, interest 
shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the relevant Interest Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes 
represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, in respect of each principal amount 
of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, the principal amount outstanding of such 
Notes, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product 
of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for each principal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
2.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 21 of the General Conditions in the case of Credit Linked Notes, 
each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and, 
where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable 
Issue Terms, such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(a) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
or 
(b) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Issue Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.  
Such interest will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. If an 
Interest Payment Date falls after the Interest Period End Date in respect of such Interest Period, no

--- Page 310 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-169 
 
 
additional interest or amount shall be payable as a result of such interest being payable on such later 
date. 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which 
the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be the Screen 
Rate for such Interest Period, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if 
any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, the Screen Rate for any Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations; or 
(3) 
the rate provided by the relevant administrator, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the 
case may be, on the Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of 
such Interest Period, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If five or more offered quotations 
are available on the Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided below) of such offered quotations. 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments 
and Regulatory Obligations), if the Page is not available or if, in the case of (1), no offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of (2), fewer than three offered quotations appear or, in the case of (3) the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Page and/or the Reference Rate is not provided or published 
by the relevant administrator and/or a relevant authorised distributor or a component of the Reference 
Rate is not provided or published, in each case as at the Specified Time, or by 10.30 a.m. Sydney time 
in the case of BBSW, the Screen Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any 
alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market) (the SRD Fallback Provisions). 
For the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, the Calculation Agent may determine the relevant 
Screen Rate by reference to one of the following: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) published 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date on a different screen page by another 
authorised distributor of the relevant rate; 
(ii) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the Reference Rate or 
the supervisor or competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any 
such entity) responsible for supervising the Reference Rate or the administrator 
thereof; or 
(iii) 
the Reference Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) last 
provided or published by the relevant administrator; or 
(iv) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected the 
Calculation Agent on a date determined by the Calculation Agent for a representative 
amount (and, where relevant with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap

--- Page 311 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-170 
 
 
market) and, if applicable, for a term equal to the designated maturity, calculated in 
the manner determined by the Calculation Agent. 
In the event that the administrator of a relevant Reference Rate amends the methodology of such 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, amendments to the time of publication of the relevant 
rate), the Calculation Agent may but shall not be required to make any related or consequential changes 
to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Condition (including, without limitation, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates 
and making payments of interest and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where 
applicable)) that the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the the Calculation Agent determines that 
no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the the Calculation Agent determines is 
reasonably necessary).  
In the event that the Screen Rate is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the Corrected Rate) 
is published after the original publication but no later than the longer of (a) one hour after such original 
publication and (b) any other period for corrections specified by a relevant administrator in its 
methodology for the relevant Reference Rate, then provided that such Corrected Rate is published on 
or prior to the date falling two Business Days prior to the date on which a related payment is scheduled 
to be made under the Notes (the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date), then such Corrected Rate shall 
be deemed to be the relevant Screen Rate and the Calculation Agent shall use such Corrected Rate in 
determining any relevant amount payable in respect of the Notes. Any corrections published after the 
second Business Day prior to the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded for the 
purposes of determining the relevant Screen Rate. 
If a Reference Rate to which Screen Rate Determination applies is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as being other than USD LIBOR, EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, ROBOR, 
TIBOR, HIBOR, BBSW or BKBM, the Screen Rate (and any relevant Reference Rate) in respect of 
such Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The Calculation Agent shall not be responsible to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or to any third 
party as a result of the Calculation Agent having acted on any quotation given by any reference bank. 
(B) 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination 
Where USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be the Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). For each Interest Period, the Reference Rate will equal the rate 
appearing on the relevant Page at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments 
and Regulatory Obligations), the following provisions (the USD LIBOR SRD Fallback Provisions) 
will apply if the Reference Rate cannot be determined on any Interest Determination Date, and the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate as follows: 
• 
The Calculation Agent (after consultation with the Issuer) will select the Reference 
Banks. 
• 
The Calculation Agent will request that the Reference Banks provide their offered 
quotations to prime banks in the London interbank market at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date. These quotations shall be

--- Page 312 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-171 
 
 
for deposits in USD for the period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, commencing on the relevant date. Offered quotations must be based 
on a principal amount equal to at least USD 1,000,000. 
(1) 
If two or more quotations are provided, the Reference Rate for the 
relevant Interest Period will be the arithmetic average of those 
quotations. 
(2) 
If fewer than two quotations are provided, the Calculation Agent 
(after consultation with the Issuer) will select three major banks in 
New York City and follow the steps in the two paragraphs below. 
• 
The Calculation Agent will then determine the Reference Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period as the arithmetic average of rates 
quoted by those three major banks in New York City to leading 
European banks at approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York City 
time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date. The rates 
quoted will be for loans in USD for the period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, commencing on 
the relevant date. Rates quoted must be based on a principal 
amount of at least USD 1,000,000. 
• 
If fewer than three New York City banks selected by the 
Calculation Agent are quoting rates, then notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions the Reference Rate for 
the relevant Interest Period will be such rate as is determined by 
the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in 
any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market). 
The Calculation Agent shall not be responsible to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or to any third 
party as a result of the Calculation Agent having acted on any quotation given by any Reference Bank. 
(C) 
ISDA Determination 
(1) 
ISDA Rate 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments 
and Regulatory Obligations), where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
Margin (if any), PROVIDED THAT if "Floored ISDA Rate" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be equal to (I) the higher of 
(x) the relevant ISDA Rate and (y) 0 per cent., (II) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue 
Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, ISDA Rate for any Interest Period means the rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction (a Swap Transaction) if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions, as defined below) (the ISDA Calculation Agent) for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:

--- Page 313 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-172 
 
 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT 
I. 
if the 2006 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the 2006 Definitions read with the above provisions and 
prior to the application of any provisions relating to an index cessation event 
(howsoever described) or other permanent cessation fallback provisions in 
the 2006 Definitions (including where applicable such fallbacks set out in any 
supplement to the 2006 Definitions) then, subject as provided in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments and 
Regulatory Obligations) and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Conditions the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period shall be such rate as is 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then available 
and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market);or 
II. 
if the 2021 Definitions are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the 2021 Definitions read with the above provisions but prior 
to the application of any provisions relating to permanent cessation or an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event in the 2021 Definitions (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt any Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions), then, 
subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy 
Provisions, Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations) and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the ISDA Rate for such Interest 
Period shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative 
benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market). 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(C), terms used for the purpose of 
determining the relevant ISDA Rate under the relevant ISDA Definitions shall have the meanings 
given to those terms in the relevant ISDA Definitions and the date on which any ISDA Rate is to be 
determined shall be an Interest Determination Date. 
References in the 2006 Definitions to: 
- 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items to be specified in the relevant 
Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers, financial centres, elections or 
other items specified for such purpose in the applicable Issue Terms; 
- 
the "Effective Date" shall be to the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms;  
- 
a "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Period End Date;

--- Page 314 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-173 
 
 
- 
a "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Day 
Count Fraction;  
- 
a "Payment Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Payment Date; and 
- 
to the "Termination Date" shall be to the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
References in the 2021 Definitions to: 
- 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items to be specified in the relevant 
Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers, financial centres, elections or 
other items specified for such purpose in the applicable Issue Terms; 
- 
the "Effective Date" shall be to the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms;  
- 
a "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Period End Date, 
PROVIDED THAT where the Business Day Convention applicable to the relevant Interest 
Period End Date is "Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Preceding Business 
Day Convention" and "Period End Date/Termination Date adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday" is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and that Interest Period 
End Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an 
Unscheduled Holiday, that date will instead fall on the first following day that is a Business 
Day; 
- 
a "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Day 
Count Fraction;  
- 
a "Payment Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Payment Date, PROVIDED 
THAT where the Business Day Convention applicable to the relevant Interest Period End Date 
is "Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Preceding Business Day Convention" 
and that Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day as a 
result of an Unscheduled Holiday, that date will instead fall on the first following day that is 
a Business Day and, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, where any other 
payment date (a Related Payment Date) is scheduled to fall on the same day, that Related 
Payment Date shall also be adjusted accordingly, all subject as provided in Condition 6 
(Payments) of the General Conditions; and  
- 
to the "Termination Date" shall be to the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the ISDA Definitions: 
(1) 
the provisions of Condition 10(c) (Determinations) of the General Conditions shall 
apply in relation to determinations made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(C) and any such provision in the relevant 
ISDA Definitions shall be disregarded. In addition, all calculations and 
determinations made in respect of the Notes by the Calculation Agent under the 
Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the Noteholders; 
(2) 
any requirement under the ISDA Definitions for the ISDA Calculation Agent: (i) to 
give notice of a determination made by it to any other party will be deemed to be a 
requirement for the Calculation Agent to provide an equivalent notice to the Issuer; 
and (ii) to consult with the other party or the parties will be deemed to be a requirement 
for the Calculation Agent to consult with the Issuer. Any such notice or consultation 
may be given or carried out orally or in writing (including by electronic mail or

--- Page 315 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-174 
 
 
communications). In addition the right of any party under the ISDA Definitions to 
require the ISDA Calculation Agent to take any action or fulfil any responsibility will 
be deemed to be solely the right of the Issuer to require this of the Calculation Agent 
in its discretion and no Noteholder will have any right to require the Issuer to do this 
or to direct the Calculation Agent in this regard; 
(3) 
where the ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties to the relevant 
transaction, the parties will be deemed to have been unable to reach agreement and 
the fallback applicable in such circumstances will be deemed to apply; 
(4) 
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that any Fixing Day or other day 
on which an ISDA Rate is determined under the ISDA Definitions is less than two 
Business Days prior to the relevant date originally scheduled for payment, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that such date for payment and/or any Related 
Payment Date be delayed to a date falling not more than two Business Days after the 
relevant Fixing Day or relevant other day and Noteholders shall not be entitled to 
further interest or any other payment in respect of such delay; and  
(5) 
in respect of the 2021 Definitions only, in the event that the Correction Time Period 
applicable to an ISDA Rate ends later than two Business Days prior to the relevant 
date for payment, any corrections published after the second Business Day prior to 
the relevant date for payment shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the 
relevant ISDA Rate. 
If any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a relevant rate applies pursuant 
to the ISDA Definitions or the interest rate swap transaction thereunder then, in relation thereto, the 
Calculation Agent may but shall not be required to (i) if it would not otherwise apply in relation to the 
determination of the ISDA Rate in accordance with the above provisions, take into account any such 
any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement (including by reference to the 
hedging arrangements for the relevant Notes) in determining of the relevant ISDA Rate and (ii) make 
any related or consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Condition 
(including without limitation any technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to the 
definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of 
interest and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the Calculation 
Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if 
the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines that no appropriate market practice 
exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary).  
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(C), ISDA Definitions means (i) if 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto 
(ISDA), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the 2006 
Definitions), or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by ISDA as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes (the 2021 Definitions), provided in each case that if the Calculation 
Agent determines this is appropriate by reference to the hedging arrangements for the relevant series 
of Notes, ISDA Definitions will mean any successor definitional booklet to or version of the 2006 
Definitions or 2021 Definitions, as applicable, each as supplemented or amended from time to time 
for interest rate derivatives, all as determined as of the date of the relevant determination under this 
Condition and the Calculation Agent may make such conforming changes to the Conditions as are 
necessary or appropriate to reflect the terms of the relevant successor definitional booklet or version.

--- Page 316 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-175 
 
 
(2) 
Linear Interpolation 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the 2021 Definitions shall apply to an ISDA 
Rate where "2021 Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms. If such provisions apply, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(H) (Linear 
Interpolation) shall not apply to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
(3) 
Payments in respect of interest on early redemption 
In circumstances where an Early Redemption Amount becomes payable in respect of any interest 
bearing Notes in accordance with the Conditions on a date other than an Interest Period End Date and 
separate amounts in respect of accrued interest are specified to be payable on early redemption and 
are not included in the calculation of the Early Redemption, the Issuer shall pay, in lieu of any such 
separate amounts of interest, an amount on account of the unpaid interest element of the Notes being 
early redeemed (the Early Redemption Interest Amount) in addition to the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Interest Amount shall be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
where the Interest Rate and/or Interest Amount applicable to the Interest Payment Date falling 
immediately after the date of early redemption can be determined prior to the relevant date of 
early redemption, the Early Redemption Interest Amount shall be calculated as the amount of 
accrued but unpaid interest payable in respect of each Calculation Amount determined on the 
basis of the Conditions, adjusted only so that the due date for early redemption is deemed to 
be the final Interest Payment Date, and applying the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, or otherwise as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate, taking 
into account the period elapsed since the previous Interest Period End Date or (if none) the 
Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in all other cases, the Early Redemption Interest Amount shall be calculated as an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as reflecting the fair market value of the unpaid interest 
element of the relevant Calculation Amount (if any) less (except in the case of any early 
redemption pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the General Conditions) the 
proportionate cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying and/or 
related hedging and funding arrangements in respect of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, any options and swap transactions hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Notes) 
and, for the purposes of determining the fair market value of such Calculation Amount for the 
purposes of Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the General Conditions, no account shall be 
taken of the financial condition of the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor which, in each case, 
shall be presumed to be able to perform fully their respective obligations in respect of the 
Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no such Early Redemption Interest Amount which is contingent upon any 
event shall be payable in respect of the Notes, unless all the relevant events have been satisfied. 
(D) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates  
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then any Interest Rate shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be, and where 
more than one Maximum Interest Rate and/or Minimum Interest Rate is so specified, the maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be, shall be that which is specified in respect of the relevant Interest 
Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be deemed to 
be zero.

--- Page 317 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-176 
 
 
(E) 
Calculations 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the relevant Interest Rate to: 
(1) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes represented by 
such Global Registered Note Certificate; or 
(2) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, in respect of each principal 
amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, the principal amount outstanding 
of such Notes, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in 
the manner provided above) for each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding. 
(F) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts 
As soon as practicable after each Interest Determination Date the Calculation Agent will determine 
the Interest Rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period.  The Interest Amounts and the Interest Rate so published may subsequently 
be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  If the Notes become due and payable 
under Condition 9 of the General Conditions, the interest (if any) and the Interest Rate payable in 
respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made.  
(G) 
Notification of Interest Rate and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Rate and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the Fiscal 
Agent and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 of the General Conditions as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London. 
(H) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination or USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length

--- Page 318 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-177 
 
 
of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(I) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(1) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – non Index Determination 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner 
in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below and save where Index Determination applies be the Compounded Daily 
SONIA (the SONIA Floating Rate) as determined on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any).  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, Compounded Daily SONIA means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards):  
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as follows: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× 365
𝑑𝑑 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as follows: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖−5𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑0
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× 365
𝑑𝑑 
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA 
only compounds the SONIA rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA rate applied to 
a day that is not a London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA rate for the previous 
London Banking Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following meanings: 
d means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 319 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-178 
 
 
d0 means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Period. 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London Banking Day 
in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such 
Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, from, and including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant 
Interest Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such Interest Period. 
ni for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day. 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date 
falling five London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling five London Banking Days prior to the Interest Period  End Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling five London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable). 
SONIAi means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation Period, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate (SONIA rate) for 
such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day). 
SONIAi-5LBD in respect of any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period, means a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for the London 
Banking Day falling five London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day "i" as provided 
by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the relevant Page 
or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the London 
Banking Day immediately following the London Banking Day falling five London Banking Days prior 
to such London Banking Day "i").  
∏𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For example,  
൥ෑ൬1 + 𝑋𝑋𝑖𝑖
365൰−1
30
𝑖𝑖=1
൩ 
means [(1 + X1 / 365 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2  / 365 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 365 ) – 1]. 
(2) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination

--- Page 320 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-179 
 
 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner 
in which the Interest Rate is to be determined and Index Determination is specified as being applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be calculated by reference to the screen rate or index administered by the administrator of the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator 
or other information service from time to time at the relevant time on the relevant determination dates 
specified below (the SONIA Compounded Index) and the following formula. Such Interest Rate will 
be plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any): 
Compounded Daily SONIA = 
d
x
Index
Compounded
SONIA
Index
Compounded
SONIA
x
y
365
1





−
 
where: 
x denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling 
the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period;  
y denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling 
the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the Final Interest Period End Date of the 
relevant Interest Period; 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which "x" is determined 
to (but excluding) the day in relation to which "y" is determined;  
London Banking Day or LBD means any calendar day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; and 
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(3) 
Non-availability and methodology amendment 
(a) 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, 
Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations) and save where Index Determination applies, the 
following provisions (the SONIA Non Index Fallback Provisions) will apply if, in respect 
of any relevant London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA rate 
is not available on the relevant Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors. In such circumstances, the Calculation Agent will determine such 
SONIA rate as being: (i)(A) the Bank of Englandꞌs Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 
close of business on such day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those spreads) and the 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those spreads) to the 
Bank Rate, or (ii) if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business 
on such day, the SONIA rate published on the relevant Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the 
SONIA rate was published on such Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors).

--- Page 321 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-180 
 
 
Notwithstanding the paragraph immediately above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the 
SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow 
such guidance in order to determine the SONIA rate for the purpose of the Notes for so long 
as the SONIA rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
(b) 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, 
Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations) and where Index Determination is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the following provisions (the SONIA Index Fallback 
Provisions) will apply if in respect of any relevant determination date a SONIA Compounded 
Index value has not been provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator 
(or any successor administrator) or authorised distributers or the relevant website is not 
available. In these circumstances, the relevant SONIA Compounded Index value shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
(c) 
In the event that the administrator of SONIA amends the methodology of SONIA (including, 
without limitation, amendments to the time of publication of the relevant rate), the Calculation 
Agent may but shall not be required to make any related or consequential changes to the 
Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Condition (including, without limitation, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest and changes to the definition of Designated 
Maturity (where applicable)) that the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate in a 
manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner 
as the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary). 
(J) 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
(1) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – non Index Determination 
Where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below and save where Index Determination applies, be Compounded Daily SOFR 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
d
n
SOFR
o
d
i
i
pUSBD
i
360
1
360
1
1
×








−






×
+
∏
=
−
 
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in (where in the relevant Issue Terms "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant Issue Terms "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method) the relevant SOFR Observation Period;

--- Page 322 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-181 
 
 
d0 means, (where in the relevant Issue Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method) in respect 
of any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Period or (where in the relevant Issue Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) 
in respect of any SOFR Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (where in the relevant Issue Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method) in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant Issue Terms "Shift" is specified as 
the Observation Method) the SOFR Observation Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the number of calendar days from and 
including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day;  
Observation Look-Back Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
p means (save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
SOFR Reference Rate, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day (USBDx), is a 
reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing (SOFR) rate for such USBDx as provided 
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of any successor administrator 
for the publication of such rate (the New York Federal Reserve’s Website) (in each case, on or about 
5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such USBDx) or if the New York Federal Reserve’s Website is unavailable as otherwise 
published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator; 
SOFRi-pUSBD means: 
(i) 
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, (save as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms) in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such day; or 
(ii) 
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, (save as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms) SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the 
SOFR Reference Rate for such day;  
SOFR Observation Period means in respect of each Interest Period, the period from and including 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date in such Interest 
Period to but excluding the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
Final Interest Period End Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USBD means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor) 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes 
of trading in U.S. government securities.

--- Page 323 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-182 
 
 
(2) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination 
Where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in 
which the Interest Rate is to be determined and Index Determination is specified as being applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be calculated by reference to the following formula and based on the SOFR Index (as defined 
below) and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point e.g., 9.876541% (or .09876541) being rounded down to 9.87654% (or .0987654) 
and 9.876545% (or .09876545) being rounded up to 9.87655% (or .0987655). Such Interest Rate will 
be plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any): 
Compounded Daily SOFR = 
 
where: 
Relevant Number is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period; 
SOFR IndexEnd is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the relevant Final Interest Period End Date; 
SOFR Index means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the SOFR Index 
value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such index (or 
any successor administrator of index) as such index appears on the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of any 
successor administrator for the publication of such index at 3:00 pm New York City time; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USBD means any day, except for a Saturday, Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor) 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes 
of trading in U.S. government securities; and 
dc is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which SOFR IndexStart is 
determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR IndexEnd is determined.  
(3) 
Non-availability and methodology amendment 
(a) 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, 
Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations), the following provisions (the SOFR Fallback 
Provisions) will apply if in respect of any relevant determination date a SOFR or SOFR Index 
value, as applicable, has not been provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant 
administrator (or any successor administrator) or authorised distributers or the relevant 
website is not available. In these circumstances, the relevant SOFR or SOFR Index value, as 
applicable, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative 
benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market).

--- Page 324 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-183 
 
 
(b) 
In the event that the administrator of SOFR amends the methodology of SOFR (including, 
without limitation, amendments to the time of publication of the relevant rate), the Calculation 
Agent may but shall not be required to make any related or consequential changes to the 
Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Condition (including, without limitation, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest and changes to the definition of Designated 
Maturity (where applicable)) that the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate in a 
manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner 
as the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary). 
2.3 
Definitions 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time, whether or not constituting an Interest Period (the Calculation Period): 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the 
number of days in such Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
I. 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
II. 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (x) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (y) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) or Actual/365 is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) or Act/365L is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a payment falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360;

--- Page 325 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-184 
 
 
(vi) 
if 30/360 is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year 
of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(vii) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 326 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-185 
 
 
(ix) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(x) 
if 1/1 is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 1; 
(xi) 
if Calculation/252 is specified in the applicable Issue Terms the actual number of Calculation 
Days in the Calculation Period divided by 252, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = ൬𝐷𝐷𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶
252 ൰ 
where:  
Calculation Days or DCDp is the number of Business Days in the Calculation Period; 
or 
(xii) 
if RBA Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Periods are three months in length (excluding any shorter or longer 
first and last Calculation Period), 0.25, except that if the first Calculation Period or 
the last Calculation Period is less than three months, "Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall 
apply to that Calculation Period; 
(B) 
if the Calculation Periods are six months in length (excluding any shorter or longer 
first and last Calculation Period), 0.5, except that if the first Calculation Period or the 
last Calculation Period is less than six months, "Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall apply to 
that Calculation Period; and 
(C) 
if the Calculation Periods are twelve months in length (excluding any shorter or longer 
first and last Calculation Period), 1, except that if the first Calculation Period or the

--- Page 327 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-186 
 
 
last Calculation Period is less than twelve months, "Actual/Actual(ISDA)" shall apply 
to that Calculation Period. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
Final Interest Period End Date means, for the purposes of calculating interest in respect of any 
Interest Period, the date such Interest Period ends on but excludes. 
Interest Commencement Date means the date of issue of the Notes (the Issue Date) or such other 
date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Interest Determination Date means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period End Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period End Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes are redeemed early other than on a scheduled 
date for redemption.  
Interest Period End Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none 
is so specified, each Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Rate means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and which 
is either specified, or calculated in accordance with the provisions, herein or specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, and where more than one rate is so specified, the rate shall be that which is specified in 
respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
London Banking Day or LBD means a day on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
Page means such display page as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the purpose of 
providing a Reference Rate, or (i) any successor display page, other published source, information 
vendor or provider that has been officially designated by the sponsor of the original display page or 
(ii) if the sponsor has not officially designated a successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider (as the case may be), the successor display page, other published 
source, information vendor or provider, if any, designated by the relevant information vendor or 
provider (if different from the sponsor). 
Reference Banks means the principal London office of four major banks in the London interbank 
market, or as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Rate means (i) USD LIBOR, (ii) EURIBOR, (iii) STIBOR, (iv) NIBOR, (v) CIBOR, (vi) 
ROBOR, (vii) TIBOR, (viii) HIBOR (ix) BBSW, or (x) BKBM, in each case for the relevant period, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Relevant Financial Centre means: (i) London, in the case of a determination of USD LIBOR, (ii) 
Brussels, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, (iii) Stockholm, in the case of a determination 
of STIBOR, (iv) Oslo, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, (v) Copenhagen, in the case of a 
determination of CIBOR, (vi) Bucharest, in the case of a determination in ROBOR, (vii) Tokyo, in the 
case of a determination of TIBOR (viii) Hong Kong, in the case of a determination of HIBOR (ix) 
Sydney, in the case of a determination of BBSW and (x) Wellington, in the case of a determination of 
BKBM or such other centre as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 328 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-187 
 
 
Specified Time means: (i) in the case of USD LIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (ii) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 
a.m., (iii) in the case of STIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (iv) in the case of NIBOR, 12.00 noon, (v) in the case 
of CIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (vi) in the case of ROBOR, 11.00 a.m., (vii) in the case of TIBOR, 11.00 a.m., 
(viii) in the case of HIBOR in respect of a currency other than Renminbi, 11.00 a.m. or in the case of 
CNH HIBOR, 11.15 a.m., (ix) in the case of BBSW, 10.00 a.m. or (x) in the case of BKBM, 11.00 
a.m., in each case in the Relevant Financial Centre, or such other time as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms.  
2.4 
Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations 
In relation to any event or circumstance affecting an interest rate, the fallback provisions described 
below must be applied in the order shown below, in each case where applicable for the relevant interest 
rate and the event or circumstance.  If the first applicable option shown does not apply to the relevant 
interest rate and the relevant event or circumstance then the next option set out below which does 
should be applied. Without limitation, the fallback provisions below may be applied in accordance 
with their terms in relation to any relevant interest rate which itself has been previously determined 
pursuant to these fallback provisions. 
 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions 
The USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.5 (USD LIBOR 
Fallback Provisions) (the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) shall apply where the applicable Issue 
Terms specifies USD LIBOR (howsoever described and as amended from time to time pursuant to the 
provisions of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) to be applicable in respect of the Notes. 
 
Reference Rate Event Provisions 
The Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.6 (Reference 
Rate Event Provisions) (the Reference Rate Event Provisions) shall apply where the applicable Issue 
Terms specifies any Reference Rate to be applicable in respect of the Notes PROVIDED THAT the 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.5 (USD LIBOR 
Fallback Provisions) do not apply to the relevant Reference Rate as a result of the relevant event or 
circumstance.  
For the purposes hereof and of the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2.6 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Conditions: 
Reference Rate means any interest rate (howsoever described in the Conditions and as amended from 
time to time pursuant to the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2.6 (Reference Rate Event Provisions)), which may include, without limitation, (i) any 
floating rate determined by reference to (a) Screen Rate Determination, (b) USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination, (c) ISDA Determination, or (d) SONIA Floating Rate Determination, or (e) SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination or (ii) any swap rate and, in each case will, where appropriate and without 
limitation, include any related component or underlying rate (including, for the purposes of the 2021 
Definitions any Underlying Benchmark, as defined therein), tenor or index rate. 
 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions 
The “Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event” provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.5 (Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event) shall apply where the applicable Issue Terms specifies any Benchmark (as defined in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1.5 (Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event)) to 
be applicable in respect of the Notes, PROVIDED THAT the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set

--- Page 329 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-188 
 
 
out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.5 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) and the Reference 
Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.6 (Reference Rate Event 
Provisions) do not apply to the relevant Benchmark as a result of the relevant event or circumstance. 
 
Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination and ISDA Determination 
The provisions relating to the determination of relevant floating rates set out in the SRD Fallback 
provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(A) (Screen Rate Determination), the USD 
LIBOR SRD Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(B) (USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate Determination) and the ISDA Determination provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2.2(C) (ISDA Determination) shall apply where Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination and/or ISDA Determination (respectively) are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT none of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2.5 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions), the Reference Rate Event Provisions 
set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.6 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) and the 
“Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event” provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1.5 (Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event) 
apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of a relevant event or circumstance. 
 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination and SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
The provisions relating to the determination of relevant floating rates set out in the SONIA Non Index 
Fallback Provisions (where Index Determination does not apply) or the SONIA Index Fallback 
Provisions (where Index Determination applies) in each case in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2.2(I) (SONIA Floating Rate Determination) and the SOFR Fallback Provisions in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2.2(J) (SOFR Floating Rate Determination), shall apply where SONIA Floating 
Rate Determination and/or SOFR Floating Rate Determination (respectively) are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT none of the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.6 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) and the “Redemption or 
adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event” provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1.5 (Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event) apply to the 
relevant floating rate as a result of a relevant event or circumstance.  
 
Adjustments 
Any adjustments to the Conditions (including the determination of any adjustment spread or factor, 
however defined) which the Calculation Agent determines are necessary or appropriate pursuant to 
the provisions of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2.5 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions), the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2.6 (Reference Rate Event Provisions) and the “Redemption or adjustment for 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event” provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.5 
(Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event): 
(i) 
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market); 
(ii) 
may include, where applicable and without limitation, (i) technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including without limitation, changes to determination dates, 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag between the calculation 
or observation period of a rate and the related payment dates and other administrative 
matters) that the Calculation Agent decides are appropriate, (ii) the application of any 
adjustment factor or adjustment spread (whether or not expressly referenced in the

--- Page 330 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-189 
 
 
relevant provision and which may be positive or negative) and (iii) adjustments to 
reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the replacement or 
successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s); and 
(iii) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more effective 
dates, may but does not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement 
rate which is determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to 
a “risk-free rate” and which, unless the context otherwise requires or it is 
inappropriate, will be the relevant rate in relation to the then current and all future 
determination days. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) this paragraph 2.4 (Hierarchy 
Provisions, Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations), the Calculation Agent is not obliged to make 
any adjustment or make any determination in relation to the Conditions if the effective date(s) of the 
relevant adjustment or determination would fall after the earlier of (i) the date the affected interest rate 
is no longer used as an interest rate for purposes of the Notes and (ii) the maturity of the Notes. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) this 
Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations), the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of 
the Notes as are provided for in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, Reference Rate Event 
or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, notwithstanding that such Benchmark Transition 
Event, Reference Rate Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, may have occurred 
before the Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations) Issue Date 
of the Notes. 
 
No duty to monitor 
In relation to any relevant rate and for the purposes of applying the provisions referred to in any of the 
paragraphs (a) to (f) above, inclusive, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent will have any duty 
to monitor or enquire as to whether any relevant event or circumstance in respect of any such rate has 
occurred to which such provisions might apply. 
 
Regulatory Obligations 
If (a) it is or would be unlawful or prohibited under any applicable law or regulation to determine and 
calculate a replacement interest rate or make any other determination or adjustment in accordance with 
the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.5 (USD LIBOR 
Fallback Provisions), the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2.6 (Reference Rate Event Provisions), the Redemption or adjustment for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.5 
(Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event), the SRD Fallback Provisions in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(A) (Screen Rate Determination), the USD LIBOR SRD 
Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(B) (USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination) and the ISDA Determination provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(C) 
(ISDA Determination), the SOFR Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(J)(3) 
(SOFR Floating Rate Determination), the SONIA Non Index Fallback Provisions in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2.2(I)(3) (SONIA Floating Rate Determination) or the SONIA Index Fallback 
Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.2(I)(3) (SONIA Floating Rate Determination) 
(each a Reference Rate Fallback Provision) (or it would be unlawful were a determination to be 
made at that time); or (b) it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine a 
replacement interest rate or make any other determination or adjustment in accordance with any 
applicable Reference Rate Fallback Provision (or it would contravene those licensing requirements 
were a determination to be made at that time); or (c) the Calculation Agent determines that an

--- Page 331 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-190 
 
 
adjustment spread (however described in the Reference Rate Fallback Provisions) is or would be a 
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, methodology or governance 
would subject the Calculation Agent to material additional regulatory obligations which it is unwilling 
to undertake, then the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to make the relevant determination or 
adjustment and may instead take any alternative action under the Conditions as it determines 
appropriate. 
2.5 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions 
This Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.5 shall apply in the circumstances specified in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations). 
 
USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event 
Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Calculation Agent 
determines on or prior to any relevant Interest Determination Date or other date on which a USD 
Benchmark is required to be determined that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date (each, as defined below) have occurred with respect to a USD Benchmark, then 
(subject as provided in sub-paragraph (c) (Interim Adjustments) below) the provisions set forth in sub-
paragraph (b) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) below (the Benchmark Transition Provisions) 
will apply. 
 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination of the USD Benchmark on any date, then, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (c) 
(Interim Adjustments) below, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current USD 
Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such determination on such date and all 
determinations on all subsequent dates (including without limitation, the determination of any Interest 
Rate or amount payable or deliverable in respect of the Notes determined by reference to the then 
current USD Benchmark). 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time. 
Decisions and Determinations: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, any 
determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the 
Benchmark Transition Provisions described herein, including, without limitation, any determination 
with respect to tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will 
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation 
Agent, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, shall become effective without 
consent from the Noteholders or any other party.  
Notification of Noteholders: Provided that the Calculation Agent has fully determined the Benchmark 
Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes for purposes of the Notes, the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of any determination made by it in accordance with the above 
and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination, decision or election as soon 
as reasonably practicable and in any event prior to the relevant Benchmark Replacement Date. The 
Issuer shall notify the Noteholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices) of the General Conditions. Failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the

--- Page 332 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-191 
 
 
Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders of any such determination will not affect the 
validity of any such determination. 
 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Benchmark Transition Event but prior to any replacement or adjustments having 
occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) above, a USD Benchmark is required for any determination in 
respect of the Notes and, at the time of the relevant determination, a Benchmark Replacement and any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment have not been determined and relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes have not been made in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) above and: 
(i) 
if such USD Benchmark is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law 
or regulation for the Notes to reference such USD Benchmark and for the Issuer and/or 
the Calculation Agent to use such USD Benchmark to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Notes, such USD Benchmark shall be determined pursuant to 
the terms that would apply to the determination of such USD Benchmark as if no 
Benchmark Transition Event had occurred; or 
(ii) 
if such USD Benchmark is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under 
applicable law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the Calculation Agent 
for the Notes to reference such USD Benchmark or for any such entity to use such 
USD Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes, such 
USD Benchmark shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion (notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions), after 
consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate 
that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute 
or successor rate for USD LIBOR of the relevant tenor or (b) if it determines there is 
no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, a 
substitute or successor rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative 
to such USD Benchmark, taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). If such USD 
Benchmark is determined as any such substituted or successor rate, the Calculation 
Agent may make such other amendments to the Notes which it considers are necessary 
and/or appropriate to reflect the adoption of such substituted or successor rate.  
 If the Calculation Agent determines such USD Benchmark in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) 
above only, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of such determination made by it and the 
action that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination. The Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) of the General Conditions. Failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by 
the Issuer to notify the Noteholders of any such determination will not affect the validity of any such 
determination. 
 
Certain Defined Terms 
As used in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.5 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions): 
Benchmark Replacement means the Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the then-current USD 
Benchmark, plus the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment for such USD Benchmark; PROVIDED 
THAT if the Calculation Agent cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date, then "Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

--- Page 333 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-192 
 
 
(i) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the sum of: (a) Compounded SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(iv) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current USD 
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(v) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Calculation 
Agent as the replacement for the then-current USD Benchmark for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current USD Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate securities at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment.  
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Calculation Agent giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current USD Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating 
rate securities at such time. 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including without limitation, 
changes to the determination dates, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag between the calculation or 
observation period of a rate and the related payment dates and other administrative matters) that the 
Calculation Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement 
in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary). 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the then-current USD Benchmark: 
(i) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event", the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information

--- Page 334 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-193 
 
 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the USD Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the USD Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the USD Benchmark ceases to be representative by 
reference to the most recent public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein or, if earlier, the date the USD Benchmark is no longer provided. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination. 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current USD Benchmark: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the USD Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the USD Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, PROVIDED THAT, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the USD Benchmark; 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the USD Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the USD 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
USD Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the USD Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the USD Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the USD Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the USD 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, PROVIDED THAT, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the USD Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the USD Benchmark announcing that the USD Benchmark is no 
longer representative, or as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of 
being representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality that 
such USD Benchmark is intended to measure. 
Compounded SOFR means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable Corresponding 
Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate being established by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with: 
(i) 
the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining compounded 
SOFR; PROVIDED THAT: 
(ii) 
if, and to the extent that, the Calculation Agent determines that Compounded SOFR 
cannot be determined in accordance with the previous sub-paragraph then the rate, or 
methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate that have been selected by the 
Calculation Agent giving due consideration to any industry-accepted market practice 
for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time.

--- Page 335 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-194 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of Compounded SOFR shall exclude the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
Corresponding Tenor with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) 
having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor 
for the then-current USD Benchmark. 
Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the USD Benchmark means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the USD Benchmark for the 
longest period for which the USD Benchmark is available that is shorter than the Corresponding Tenor 
and (2) the USD Benchmark for the shortest period for which the USD Benchmark is available that is 
longer than the Corresponding Tenor. 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the Relevant ISDA Definitions to be 
determined in relation to the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the USD 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
Relevant ISDA Definitions to be effective in relation to the occurrence of an index cessation event 
with respect to the USD Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment. 
NY Federal Reserve means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
NY Federal Reserve's Website means the website of the NY Federal Reserve at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the USD Benchmark means (1) if the USD 
Benchmark is USD LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the date of such determination, and (2) if 
the USD Benchmark is not USD LIBOR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NY Federal Reserve, or 
a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NY Federal 
Reserve or any successor thereto. 
Relevant ISDA Definitions means any of (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitionsor (ii) the 2021 Definitions 
or (iii) or any successordefinitional booklet to the 2006 Definitions or the 2021 Definitions, in each 
case, as selected by the Calculation Agent as most appropriate at the relevant time by reference to the 
hedging arrangements for the Notes. Where relevant, the Calculation Agent may also, but is not 
required to, determine by reference to such hedging arrangements that one or more supplements, 
amendments or updates for interest rate derivatives in respect of the 2006 Definitions or the 2021 
Definitions, as applicable, applies as an integral part of the Relevant ISDA Definitions. 
SOFR with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published for such day by 
the NY Federal Reserve, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator), on the NY 
Federal Reserve's Website. 
Term SOFR means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor based on 
SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 336 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-195 
 
 
USD Benchmark means, initially, USD LIBOR of the appropriate tenor; PROVIDED THAT if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to USD LIBOR or the then-current USD Benchmark, then "USD Benchmark" means the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement. 
2.6 
Reference Rate Event Provisions 
This Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.6 shall apply in the circumstances specified in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2.4 (Hierarchy Provisions, Adjustments and Regulatory Obligations). 
 
Reference Rate Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Calculation Agent determines that 
a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent will:  
(i) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate; and 
(ii) 
if it identifies a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate: 
(A) 
calculate an Adjustment Spread that will be applied to the Replacement 
Reference Rate; and 
(B) 
determine such other amendments to the Notes which it considers are 
necessary and/or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as 
adjusted by the Adjustment Spread); and 
(iii) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread 
and such other adjustments will become effective in relation to the relevant Notes, 
PROVIDED THAT, as an alternative to the procedure described in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) 
above, the Calculation Agent may instead: (i) determine that no Replacement Reference Rate or other 
amendments to the terms of the Notes are required as a result of such Reference Rate Event (such 
determination being a No Adjustment Determination); or (ii) make such adjustment(s) to the terms 
of the Notes as it determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Reference Rate 
Event (the RRE Adjustments). 
Provided that the Calculation Agent has fully determined for purposes of the Notes, as applicable, (i) 
a Replacement Reference Rate and the related timing and amendments to the Notes or (ii) the relevant 
RRE Adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of any determination made by it in 
accordance with the above and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination. 
The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of the General Conditions. Failure by the Calculation Agent 
to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders of any such determination will 
not affect the validity of any such determination. 
If:  
I. 
the Calculation Agent has not made a No Adjustment Determination and the Calculation 
Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to determine any RRE 
Adjustments; or 
II. 
the Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to identify 
a Replacement Reference Rate; or

--- Page 337 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-196 
 
 
III. 
the Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to 
calculate an Adjustment Spread,  
the Issuer may redeem the Notes on a day selected by the Issuer, in which case each Note shall be 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount and the Issuer shall notify 
the Noteholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) 
of the General Conditions. 
 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any replacement or amendment having become 
effective pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) (Reference Rate Event) above, the relevant Reference Rate is 
required for any determination in respect of the Notes and at that time, no replacement or amendments 
have occurred in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) (Reference Rate Event) above and: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Notes to reference the Reference Rate and for the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Notes, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined 
pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of the Reference Rate as 
if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under 
applicable law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the Calculation Agent 
for the Notes to reference the Reference Rate or for any such entity to use the 
Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes, the level 
of the Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion (notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions), after 
consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate 
that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute 
or successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate (including any temporary substitute 
or successor rate) or the rate published at the relevant time on the last day on which 
the Reference Rate was published or was permitted to be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation (the Last Permitted Rate) or (b) if it determines there is 
no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate or 
the use of the Last Permitted Rate would not produce a commercially reasonable 
result, a substitute or successor rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable 
alternative to the Reference Rate, taking into account prevailing industry standards in 
any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). If such 
Reference Rate is determined as any such substituted or successor rate, the 
Calculation Agent may determine such other amendments to the Notes which it 
considers are necessary and/or appropriate in order to reflect the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with such substituted or successor rate. 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Rate in accordance with sub-
paragraph (ii) above only, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of such 
determination made by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such 
determination. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders thereof as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of the General 
Conditions. Failure by the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the 
Issuer to notify the Noteholders of any such determination will notaffect the validity 
of any such determination.

--- Page 338 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-197 
 
 
 
Certain Defined Terms 
For the purposes of the above: 
Adjustment Spread means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that the 
Calculation Agent determines is required in order to reduce any transfer of economic value from (i) 
the Issuer to the Noteholders or (ii) the Noteholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise 
arise as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate. Any 
such adjustment may be an adjustment spread that would be applied for over-the-counter derivatives 
transactions referencing the relevant Reference Rate in relation to the occurrence of an index cessation 
event or administrator/benchmark event in respect of such Reference Rate (howsoever described under 
the terms of the relevant transaction) and/or take account of, without limitation, any anticipated 
transfer of economic value as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the 
Replacement Reference Rate by comparison to the Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread may be 
positive, negative or zero and/or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
Corresponding Tenor with respect to a Replacement Reference Rate means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Reference Rate. 
Interpolated Reference Rate with respect to the Reference Rate means the rate determined for the 
Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the Reference Rate for the longest 
period for which the Reference Rate is available that is shorter than the Corresponding Tenor and (2) 
the Reference Rate for the shortest period for which the Reference Rate is available that is longer than 
the Corresponding Tenor. 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate means, in respect of the relevant Reference Rate, the 
first of the indices, benchmarks or other price sources or rates specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
that is not subject to a Reference Rate Event.  
Reference Rate Event means:  
(i) 
the Calculation Agent determines that (A) a material change in the relevant Reference 
Rate has occurred or will occur, or (B) the permanent or indefinite cancellation or 
cessation in the provision of such Reference Rate has occurred or will occur and there 
is no successor administrator or provider that will continue to provide the Reference 
Rate, or (C) a regulator or other official sector entity has prohibited or will prohibit 
the use of or it is otherwise not permitted to use such Reference Rate in respect of the 
Notes or any related hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes which are 
derivative transactions referencing the relevant Reference Rate;  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that any authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in 
respect of the relevant Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the relevant 
Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, 
refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body, in each case, with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or 
any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation 
to use the relevant Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under 
the Notes;

--- Page 339 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-198 
 
 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that it is not commercially reasonable to continue 
the use of the relevant Reference Rate in connection with the Notes as a result of any 
applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any 
relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform 
its obligations in respect of the Notes and for any reason such licence is either not 
obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of 
obtaining or renewing such licence);  
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent determines that there has been a public statement or publication 
of information by the administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate any 
national, regional or other supervisory or regulatory authority which is responsible for 
either (a) supervising the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (b) 
regulating the Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate 
or another official body with applicable responsibility announcing that such 
Reference Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, capable 
of being representative of any underlying market and economic reality that such 
Reference Rate is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; 
or 
(v) 
the relevant Reference Rate is the subject of any market-wide development in the 
over-the-counter derivatives market (which may be in the form of a protocol, 
publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) pursuant to which such 
Reference Rate is or will be replaced with a replacement rate with respect to over-the-
counter derivatives transactions which reference such Reference Rate. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central bank for the 
currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is 
responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (a) the central bank for the 
currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated, (b) any central bank or other supervisor which 
is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) 
a group of those central banks or other supervisors, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
Replacement Reference Rate means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an index, benchmark or other 
price source or rate that the Calculation Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative 
for such Reference Rate, PROVIDED THAT the Replacement Reference Rate must be any one of the 
following: 
(i) 
where applicable, the Interpolated Reference Rate with respect to the then-current 
Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
a Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
an index, benchmark, other price source or rate or fall-back rate or methodology for 
calculating an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fall-back rate (which may 
be formally designated, nominated or recommended by (a) any Relevant Nominating 
Body, (b) the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate or (c) ISDA or any other 
relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee to replace the 
Reference Rate) which is recognised or acknowledged as being an industry standard 
replacement for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference such 
Reference Rate (which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of (a) a 
publication by the relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee,

--- Page 340 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-199 
 
 
or (b) a press release, a member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, 
publication of standard terms or otherwise by the International Swap Dealers 
Association, Inc.); or 
(iv) 
an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fallback (which may include, without 
limitation, the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by 
the Calculation Agent or a rate calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with a methodology determined by the Calculation Agent) that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative for the Reference Rate.

--- Page 341 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-200 
 
 
SECTION F.3– PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO SWISS PRIVATE CLIENTS – The Notes are not intended to be, and may 
not be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act 
(FinSA). For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not a professional client under Articles 4 
and 5 FinSA. Consequently, no prospectus or key information document according to FinSA or any equivalent 
document under FinSA has been or will be prepared in relation to the Notes. The Notes do not constitute a 
participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes 
Act (CISA) and are not subject to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA), 
and investors in Notes will not benefit from protection under CISA or supervision by FINMA. Notes issued 
under the Programme are neither issued nor guaranteed by a Swiss financial intermediary. Investors are 
exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor.  
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - The Issuer has determined the 
classification of the Notes as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).]1 
 
 
                                                     
1  
To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / 
they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 342 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-201 
 
 
Final Terms dated [   ] 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31 
 
Issue of [Specify Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche/(specify aggregate number of Units of Tranche) 
Units of (specify principal amount of each Unit)] [Title of Notes] 
 
Guaranteed by Citigroup Inc. 
 
Under the Citi U.S.$10,000,000,000 Global Structured Note Programme 
[The Notes do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the Federal 
Act on CISA and are not licensed by the FINMA thereunder. Accordingly, neither the Notes nor holders of 
the Notes benefit from protection under CISA or supervision by FINMA and investors are exposed to the credit 
risk of the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor.] (Include this legend where the Notes are offered in Switzerland.) 
The Notes and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any state securities law. [The Notes are being 
offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities 
Act (Regulation S) and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S). Each purchaser of the Notes or any beneficial interest therein 
will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person and 
will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person, other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof.]2 
[The Notes are being offered and sold solely to "qualified institutional buyers" (QIBs) in reliance on the 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A thereunder (Rule 144A). Each 
purchaser of the Notes or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it 
and each account for which it is purchasing (or holding) Notes is a QIB and that it will not sell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time to any person other than (a) the Issuer 
or any affiliate thereof or (b) a person it reasonably believes to be a QIB purchasing the Notes for its own 
account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and 
in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any State of the United States and any other jurisdiction.]3 
The Notes and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee [and any [Asset Amounts] [LA Settlement Assets]] do not 
constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options 
thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in the Notes [and 
any [Asset Amounts] [LA Settlement Assets]] has not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended.  For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes, see "General Information Relating to the Programme and the 
Notes - Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" in the Base Prospectus. 
The Notes may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and holding of 
the Notes is made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a plan, individual retirement 
account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the Code) or an employee benefit plan or plan subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar 
to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
                                                     
2  
Include for Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S. 
3  
Include for Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A.

--- Page 343 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-202 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. For the purpose hereof, the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth under the 
section[s] entitled ["Terms and Conditions of the Notes", the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
relevant Underlying Schedule[s]] in the Base Prospectus which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
[The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and on the web-site of 
Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). [In addition, this Final Terms is available on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).]]  
[Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, Base 
Prospectus means the Base Prospectus in relation to the Programme dated 4 February 2022.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, Base Prospectus 
means the Base Prospectus in relation to the Programme dated 4 February 2022, as supplemented by a 
Supplement (No.[  ]) dated [  ] [and a Supplement (No.[  ]) dated [  ]].]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A).  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
sub-paragraphs.  Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
Citigroup Inc. 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Notes become 
fungible)] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes will be consolidated and 
form a single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] 
on []/[the Issue Date]] 
3. 
(i) 
Specified Currency or Currencies: [] 
(ii) 
Settlement Currency:  
[]

--- Page 344 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-203 
 
 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[][Units (each Unit being [] in principal amount of 
the Notes)]  
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[][Units (each Unit being [] in principal amount of 
the Notes)] 
[The Notes are issued in Units. Accordingly, 
references herein to Units shall be deemed to be 
references to [] in principal amount of the Notes and 
all references in the Conditions to payments and/or 
deliveries being made in respect of a Calculation 
Amount shall be construed to such payments and/or 
deliveries being made in respect of a Unit] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[] 
per 
cent. 
of 
the 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount][[insert currency amount] (being equal to 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount, 
converted into [insert currency] at an FX rate of [])] 
[plus accrued interest from []] (insert for fungible 
issues, if applicable) 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[][Unit] 
 
(this means the minimum integral amount in which 
transfers can be made) [The minimum Specified 
Denomination/principal amount represented by a 
Unit is EUR100,000] 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof".) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[][Unit] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Interest Payment Date falling on or 
nearest to []] [(the Scheduled Maturity Date) 
subject as provided in the Credit Conditions]

--- Page 345 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-204 
 
 
(NB. For certain Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes in respect of which the Interest Payment Dates 
are subject to modification, Modified Following 
Business Day Convention should apply.) 
9. 
Type of Notes: 
[The Notes are [Fixed Rate Notes][Floating Rate 
Notes]][The Notes pay the LA Interest Amount][The 
Notes do not bear or pay any interest] 
[The Notes are Underlying Linked Notes that are 
Credit Linked Notes] 
[The Notes are Instalment Notes] 
The Notes are Cash Settled Notes [and/or may be 
Physical Delivery Notes] [and the Redemption 
Amount is [][as specified in item 14(iii) below][the 
LA Final Redemption Amount]] 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call as specified in item 14(i) below]  
 
[Investor Put as specified in item 14(ii) below]  
 
[Not Applicable] 
11. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(ii) 
Status of the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee: 
Senior 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES 
12. 
Underlying Linked Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Credit Linked Notes and the 
provisions in [Underlying Schedule 1 - Credit Linked 
Conditions][Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked 
Conditions (2014 Definitions)] apply/Not Applicable] 
(Underlying Schedule 2 - Credit Linked Conditions 
(2014 Definitions) should not be applied for LA Credit 
Linked Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
(B) 
First to Default Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Spread Requirement Percentage 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(Note Additional Risk Events may not be specified in 
respect of First to Default Notes) 
(C) 
Calculation Agent City: 
[] [Credit Condition [7][8] applies] 
(D) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[]

--- Page 346 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-205 
 
 
(E) 
Succession 
Event 
Backstop 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
(2014 Definitions) applies) 
(F) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[][Not Applicable] 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
[If Standard Reference Obligation is applicable, insert: 
Senior Level: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Subordinated Level: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[If Underlying Schedule 2 – 
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 
Definitions) applies and there is 
a 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation, insert: 
Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation:] 
 
[The obligation[s] identified as 
follows: 
(specify each) 
• 
Primary Obligor: 
[] 
• 
Guarantor: 
[] 
• 
Maturity: 
[] 
• 
Coupon: 
[] 
• 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[]] (Only include for Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit 
Linked Conditions if Standard Reference Obligation 
does not apply or Standard Reference Obligation 
applies but has not yet been published and an initial 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is required until 
publication) 
Deliverable 
Obligations 
for 
Reference Obligation purposes: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies or if the Notes are Reference Obligation Only 
Notes in which case delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs below) 
• 
[Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan]

--- Page 347 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-206 
 
 
• 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency: 
 
[] [Standard Specified Currencies] 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
[Domestic Currency means: [specify currency]] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
 
 
[Qualifying Participation Seller: - insert details] 
[Transferable] 
[Maximum Maturity: 
 
[]] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[Not Bearer]] 
(G) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(H) 
Credit Events: 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay] 
[Grace Period Extension: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Grace Period: [][Credit Condition [7][8] applies]] 
[Governmental 
Intervention] 
(Only 
available 
if 
Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
(2014 Definitions) applies) 
[Obligation Default] 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring] 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation: 
Credit Condition [2] (if Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit 
Linked Conditions applies) / [3] (if Underlying Schedule 
2 – Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Definitions) 
applies)(l): [Applicable/Not Applicable] [with respect 
to 
Obligation 
Category 
"Bond" 
and 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
with 
respect 
Obligation 
Category "Loan"] 
Provisions relating to Restructuring Credit Event: Credit 
Condition [2] (if Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked 
Conditions applies) / [3] (if Underlying Schedule 2 – 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions 
(2014 
Definitions) 
applies)(k): [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[[Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Fully 
Transferable Obligation] (if Underlying Schedule 1 – 
Credit Linked Conditions applies) / [Mod R] (if 
Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
(2014 
Definitions) 
applies): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 348 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-207 
 
 
[[Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation] (if Underlying 
Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions applies) / [Mod 
Mod R] (if Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked 
Conditions (2014 Definitions) applies): [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(I) 
Financial 
Reference 
Entity 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
(J) 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
(K) 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit 
Event Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
 
[If the 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions 
apply, insert: 
Fallback Discounting: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(L) 
Default Requirement: 
[] 
(M) 
Payment Requirement: 
[] 
(N) 
Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(O) 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
Public Source(s): []] 
Specified Number: []] 
(P) 
DC Determinations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Q) 
DC Methodology Asset Market 
Value: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
(R) 
DC Approved Successor Rate 
Source: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
(S) 
DC Asset Package Value: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
(T) 
DC Settlement Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 349 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-208 
 
 
(U) 
Obligation(s): 
 
I. 
Obligation Category: 
 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan 
[Not Applicable]] 
(select one only or specify as Not Applicable as 
required) 
II. 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency: 
[] [Standard Specified Currencies]] 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency:] 
[Domestic Currency means: []] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(select all of which apply or specify as Not Applicable 
as required) 
III. 
Additional 
Obligation(s): 
[][Reference Assets][Not Applicable] 
(V) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[][Not Applicable] 
(W) 
Merger Event: 
[(a)] 
 Credit Condition [2] (if Underlying Schedule 1 
– Credit Linked Conditions applies) / [3] (if Underlying 
Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions (2014 
Definitions) applies)(j): [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
(b) 
Merger Event Redemption Date: []] 
(X) 
Unwind Costs: 
[[]/Standard Unwind Costs/Not Applicable] 
(Y) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement Applicable][[LA] Cash Settlement 
Applicable][Physical 
Delivery 
[(LA 
Physical 
Settlement)] Applicable] 
(Z) 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[][Credit Condition [7]/[8] applies][Not Applicable] 
(AA) 
Credit Event Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days/Credit Event Determination 
Date/Credit Condition [7]/[8] applies][Not Applicable]

--- Page 350 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-209 
 
 
(BB) 
Credit 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
[Not 
Applicable]  
(Specify Not Applicable if Underlying Schedule 1 – 
Credit Linked Conditions applies) 
(CC) 
LA Credit Linked Provisions:  
[The Credit Linked Notes are LA Credit Linked Notes 
and the provisions of Credit Condition 5 apply /Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If the relevant provisions are Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
I. 
Reference Asset(s): 
[][Not Applicable] 
II. 
Maturity 
Date 
of 
Reference Assets: 
[][Not Applicable] 
III. 
Reference Assets Only 
Settlement 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
IV. 
Reference Custodian: 
[][Not Applicable] 
V. 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[][Not Applicable] 
VI. 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[][Not Applicable] 
VII. 
USD Principal Amount: [[]/The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding/Not Applicable] 
VIII. 
LCY 
Reference 
Amount: 
[[]/The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding/Not Applicable] 
IX. 
Applicable 
Principal 
Currency Amount: 
[USD Principal Amount/LCY Reference Amount/The 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding] 
X. 
LA Interest: 
LA Interest Amounts 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the table below) 
 
 
 
Interest Payment Date, 
in each case subject as 
provided in the Credit 
Conditions 
LA Interest Amount 
 
 
 
[] 
[local currency amount] 
divided 
by 
the 
applicable FX Rate. 
 
 
 
[] 
[local currency amount] 
divided 
by 
the 
applicable FX Rate.

--- Page 351 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-210 
 
 
 
 
[] 
[local currency amount] 
divided 
by 
the 
applicable FX Rate. 
 
XI. 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable: 
 
[Inconvertibility 
Event][Ownership 
Restriction 
Event][Settlement/Custodial 
Event][Underlying 
RMB 
Currency 
Event]/Not 
Applicable] 
(Note Additional Risk Events may not be specified in 
respect of First to Default Notes) 
XII. 
Additional Risk Event 
Start Date: 
[Trade Date/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
XIII. 
Potential Risk Event 
Postponement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
XIV. 
LA Cash Settlement  
[Applicable – see also item 14(iv)(C) below][Not 
Applicable] 
XV. 
LA 
Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable 
– 
see 
item 
14(iv)(C) 
below][Not 
Applicable] 
XVI. 
Fixed 
Recovery 
LA 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable. The Fixed Recovery LA Redemption 
Amount is [[][[] per cent. of [the Applicable 
Principal Currency Amount][the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding]][, divided by the FX 
Rate]][Not Applicable] 
XVII. LA Zero Recovery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
XVIII. LA Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[[][, divided by the FX Rate]][As set out in Credit 
Condition 7] 
XIX. 
Tax Deduction Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST AMOUNTS, THE REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND 
ANY ASSET AMOUNT DELIVERABLE IN RELATION TO THE NOTES 
13. 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable – [the Notes are [Fixed Rate Notes/Floating 
Rate Notes]][the Notes pay the LA Interest Amount (see 
item 12(CC)X above)]][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable or the Notes pay LA Interest, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 352 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-211 
 
 
[EITHER: 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Not Applicable 
II. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
Subject as provided in the Credit Conditions, [][each 
Instalment Date and the Scheduled Maturity Date] 
(NB. For certain Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes in respect of which the Interest Payment Dates 
are subject to modification, insert Modified Following 
Business Day Convention) 
III. 
Interest Amount: 
[], payable on the Interest Payment Date scheduled to 
fall [in/on] [] (specify amount for each Interest 
Payment Date where different) 
OR: 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Applicable 
II. 
Interest Rate: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear] 
III. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[Subject as provided in the Credit Conditions, [] [in 
each year]][Subject as provided in the Credit 
Conditions, each Instalment Date and the Scheduled 
Maturity Date] [adjusted in accordance with the [] 
Business Day Convention/not adjusted] 
(NB. For certain Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes in respect of which the Interest Payment Dates 
are subject to modification, insert Modified Following 
Business Day Convention) 
IV. 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[[] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with the [] 
Business Day Convention/not adjusted]] 
V. 
Interest Amount(s): 
[[], payable on the Interest Payment Date scheduled 
to fall [in/on] [] (if applicable specify amount for each 
relevant Interest Payment Date)]/As set out in the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule] 
VI. 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[], payable on the Interest Payment Date scheduled 
to fall [in/on] [] (if applicable specify amount for each 
relevant Interest Payment Date)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Interest 
Amount) 
VII. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/[Actual/365] (N.B. Applicable for 
Fixed Rate Notes denominated in Renminbi.) 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]/[Act/365L]

--- Page 353 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-212 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[1/1] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis] 
VIII. 
Determination Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[] in each year (insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
(B) 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
I. 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[Subject as provided in the Credit Conditions, [] [in 
each year]][Subject as provided in the Credit 
Conditions, each Instalment Date and the Scheduled 
Maturity Date] [adjusted in accordance with the [] 
Business Day Convention/No Adjustment] 
II. 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[[] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with the [] 
Business Day Convention/No Adjustment]] 
 
(If ISDA Determination and 2021 ISDA Definitions 
apply and Actual/Actual (ICMA) is the Day Count 
Fraction specify No Adjustment) 
III. 
Manner in which the 
Interest Rate(s) is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA Determination/SONIA Floating 
Rate 
Determination/SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination] 
IV. 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Interest 
Rate(s) and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[]] 
V. 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[USD 
LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/ROBOR
/TIBOR/HIBOR] [BBSW (being the Sydney average 
mid rate for AUD bills of exchange)] [BKBM (being 
the Wellington rate for New Zealand Dollar bills of 
exchange)] 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[]

--- Page 354 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-213 
 
 
• 
Specified Time: 
[][Condition 2.3 of the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule applies] 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[][Condition 2.3 of the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule applies] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
• 
Page: 
[] 
VI. 
USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[] month [(the Designated Maturity) (include where 
Linear Interpolation is applicable)] USD LIBOR 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Second day on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London prior to the start 
of each Interest Period] [] 
• 
Page: 
[Thomson Reuters Screen LIBOR0l] [] 
• 
Specified Time: 
[][Condition 2.3 of the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule applies] 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[][Condition 2.3 of the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule applies] 
VII. 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are Applicable, note 
that the Conditions have been reviewed in relation to 
Version 2 dated 30 September 2021 of the 2021 
Definitions. If a later version is to be followed, the 
Conditions should be reviewed carefully to ensure 
compatibility with the relevant ISDA Rate before use) 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are Applicable, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
• 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date][] 
• 
Termination Date: 
[Last occurring Interest Period End Date][]

--- Page 355 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-214 
 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
• 
Reset Date: 
[][Subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] Business 
Day Convention]  
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert same 
Business Day Convention as for Interest Period End 
Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies to such dates, in 
which case delete the reference to Business Day 
Convention so that relevant ISDA fallbacks relating to 
Business Day Conventions will apply) 
• 
Period 
End 
Date/Termination 
Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
[Business Day (for 
the purposes of the 
ISDA Definitions): 
[]] 
• 
Floored ISDA Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Compounding/ 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" or "Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method" is applicable. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Compounding: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
- 
Averaging: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
- 
Lookback: 
[[] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lookback or 
Averaging with Lookback) 
- 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[[] Observation Period Shift Business Days] /[As 
specified in the [2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 356 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-215 
 
 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify 
Not Applicable unless the standard position under the 
ISDA Definitions is to be changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift or Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift) 
- 
Lockout: 
[[] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lockout or 
Averaging with Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: []/ [Applicable 
Business Days]] (Specify Applicable Business Days 
unless the standard position under the ISDA Definitions 
is to be changed) 
- 
Daily Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method. If Not 
Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and Daily 
Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%] 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the denominator of the 
Day Count Fraction) 
• 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate Option 
and an Index Method. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (may only be selected if the 
2021 Definitions are specified)/Compounded Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift/[As specified in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions]] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Not 
Applicable should be specified unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be changed)

--- Page 357 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-216 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days]/[As specified in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]]] 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the denominator of the 
Day Count Fraction) 
- 
2021 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and the Longer Designated Maturity)/Not Applicable] 
VIII. 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)]  
IX. 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum]  
X. 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
XI. 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
XII. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/[Actual/365] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]/[Act/365L] 
[30/360 / [360/360] / [Bond Basis][30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[1/1] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis] 
(See Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.3 for 
available alternatives and, where applicable, from 
these match Day Count Fraction set out in the ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate 
Matrix) 
XIII. 
SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Compounded Daily 
SONIA (Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only Not Applicable may be specified for Compounded 
Daily SONIA – Index Determination)

--- Page 358 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-217 
 
 
• 
Compounded Daily 
SONIA (Lag): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only Not Applicable may be specified for Compounded 
Daily SONIA – Index Determination) 
• 
Page: 
[]/[SONIAOSR=]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Not Applicable may be specified for Compounded 
Daily SONIA – Index Determination) 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – non Index 
Determination: Fifth London Banking Day prior to the 
date each Interest Period ends on, but excludes]  
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA - Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Final Interest 
Period End Date and Relevant Number means [insert 
number being two or greater]] 
XIV. 
SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Not Applicable]/[Lag]/[Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift except where Index Determination 
is applicable) 
• 
Observation Look-
Back Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [[] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] 
(Specify except where Index Determination is applicable. 
N.B. must be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – non Index 
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
relevant Final Interest Period End Date and Relevant 
Number means [insert number being two or greater]] 
14. 
Redemption Provisions: 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 359 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-218 
 
 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] [Recovery Value [and, for which purpose, [] shall 
be deemed to be the LA Valuation Date in respect of 
[each Optional Redemption Date] [the Optional 
Redemption Date falling on or around []] (specify 
each where different)] 
(C) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
I. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]]/[Not Applicable]  
II. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]]/[Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less than 
[] Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the General Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent). 
(ii) 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] [Recovery Value [and, for which purpose, [] shall 
be deemed to be the LA Valuation Date in respect of 
[each Optional Redemption Date] [the Optional 
Redemption Date falling on or around []] (specify 
each where different)] 
(C) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less than 
[] Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the General Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well

--- Page 360 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-219 
 
 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent) 
(iii) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[]] [LA Final Redemption Amount] [Recovery Value 
[and, for which purpose, [] shall be deemed to be the 
LA Valuation Date]] 
(iv) 
Underlying 
Linked 
Notes 
Redemption Provisions 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Provisions relating to 
Auction Settlement 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
I. 
Fallback 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash Settlement/Physical Delivery] 
II. 
Auction 
Final 
Price 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Applicable 
- 
Credit 
Condition 
[7]/[8] 
applies][Applicable – [] days] [Not Applicable] 
III. 
Auction 
Cut-
Off Date: 
[][Credit Condition [7]/[8] applies] (If not specified, 
Credit Linked Conditions provide for ninety calendar 
days after the Maturity Date) 
IV. 
Maturity 
Date 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(B) 
Provisions relating to 
Cash Settlement 
[Applicable/Applicable if the Fallback Settlement 
Method applies (insert where Fallback Settlement 
Method is Cash Settlement)/Applicable if Credit 
Condition [2]/[3](i) applies (insert where Settlement 
Method or Fallback Settlement Method is Physical 
Delivery (as Partial Cash Settlement could apply)/Not 
Applicable/LA Cash Settlement applies] 
(If Not Applicable or if LA Cash Settlement applies, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maturity 
Date 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
II. 
Final Price: 
[Reference 
Obligation 
Final 
Price][Deliverable 
Obligation 
Final 
Price][Fixed 
Recovery][Credit 
Condition [2]/[3](i) applies] 
(If Deliverable Obligation Final Price is applicable 
specify items III., V., VI., VII., VIII., IX., X. and XI. as

--- Page 361 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-220 
 
 
"Not Applicable" and complete the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation details under item (C) below) 
III. 
Fixed 
Recovery: 
 [Applicable – [] per cent. is the Final Price] [Not 
Applicable] 
IV. 
Valuation Date: 
[Single Valuation Date: 
 
[] Business Days] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
 
[] Business Days; and each [] Business 
Days thereafter 
 
Number of Valuation Dates: []] 
V. 
Valuation 
Time: 
[][Credit Condition [[2]/[3](i)] [[7]/[8]] applies] 
VI. 
Quotation 
Method: 
[Bid/Offer/Mid-market][Credit Condition [[2]/[3](i)] 
[[7]/[8]] applies] 
VII. 
Quotation 
Amount: 
[[]/Representative 
Amount][Credit 
Condition 
[[2]/[3](i)] [[7]/[8]] applies] 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Quotation 
Amount: 
[[]/Not Applicable][Credit Condition [7]/[8] applies] 
IX. 
Quotation 
Dealers: 
[][Credit Condition [7]/[8] applies] 
X. 
[If Underlying 
Schedule 1 – 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions 
applies, insert: 
Quotations] [If 
Underlying 
Schedule 2 – 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions 
(2014 
Definitions) 
applies, insert: 
Accrued 
Interest]: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest/Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest/Credit Condition [7]/[10] applies] 
XI. 
Valuation 
Method: 
 
[Market/Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest]

--- Page 362 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-221 
 
 
 
[Blended Market/Blended Highest] (Only available if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
 
[Average Blended Market/Average Blended Highest] 
(Only available if Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit 
Linked Conditions applies) 
[Credit Condition [[2]/[3](i)] [[7]/[8]] applies] 
(C) 
Provisions relating to 
Physical Delivery Notes 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/LA Physical Settlement 
applies/Applicable only for the purposes of determining 
Deliverable Obligations for [LA] Cash Settlement] 
 
(If not applicable or if LA Physical Settlement and 
Reference Assets Only Settlement applies, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(N.B. If the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes, physical 
delivery of any Relevant Asset must be made in 
compliance with the provisions of the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended and the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended. Provisions relating 
to Physical Delivery Notes will only be applicable for 
LA Cash Settlement Notes if Reference Assets Only 
Settlement is specified as not applicable) 
 
I. 
Physical 
Settlement 
Period: 
[[] 
Business 
Days/Credit 
Condition 
[7]/[8] 
applies][Not Applicable] 
II. 
[If Underlying 
Schedule 1 – 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions 
applies, insert: 
Asset Amount] 
[If Underlying 
Schedule 2 – 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions 
(2014 
Definitions) 
applies, insert: 
Include 
Accrued 
Interest]: 
[If Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies, insert: [Not Applicable/Include Accrued 
Interest/Exclude Accrued Interest]] [If Underlying 
Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions (2014 
Definitions) 
applies, 
insert: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
III. 
Deliverable 
Obligations:

--- Page 363 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-222 
 
 
• 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
(select one only) 
• 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characterist
ics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency: 
[] [Standard Specified Currencies] 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Domestic Currency means: [specify currency]] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Contingent] (Only available if Underlying 
Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions applies) 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
[Qualifying Participation Seller: - insert details] 
[Transferable] 
[Maximum Maturity: 
[]] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[Not Bearer] 
(select all which apply) 
• 
Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(
s): 
[][Reference Assets][Not Applicable] 
IV. 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[][Not Applicable] 
V. 
Indicative 
Quotations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
VI. 
Cut-off Date: 
[][Not Applicable] 
VII. 
Hedge 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
15. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[As determined in Condition 5(d)(a) of the General 
Conditions] [Recovery Value]

--- Page 364 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-223 
 
 
16. 
Obligor Regulatory Call Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
17. 
Reference Rate Event Provisions: 
Pre-nominated 
Replacement 
Reference 
Rate(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
18. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate ([insert 
denomination currency][] principal amount) registered 
in the name of a nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/Rule 144A Global Registered Note 
Certificate ([insert denomination currency][] principal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/ 
a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]) 
19. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[No/Yes – New Safekeeping Structure applies] [Not 
Applicable] 
20. 
Business Centres: 
[] 
 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the definition of Business 
Day) 
21. 
Business Day Jurisdiction(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not 
Applicable/New 
York 
City/[]](N.B. 
this 
paragraph relates to the date and place of payment) 
22. 
RMB Currency Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
23. 
RMB Settlement Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
24. 
Relevant Currency: 
[USD]/[give details] [Not Applicable] 
25. 
Relevant Currency Valuation Time: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
26. 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page: 
[][Not Applicable] 
27. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
 
(a) 
LCY Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[(b) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(c) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable][Subject as provided in the Credit 
Conditions, [give details]]] 
[For LCY Instalment Notes, insert:

--- Page 365 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-224 
 
 
(b) 
Instalment 
Date(s) 
and 
Instalment Amount(s): 
 
Instalment 
Date, subject as 
provided in the 
Credit 
Conditions 
LCY 
Instalment 
Amount 
Instalment Amount 
 
 
 
 
[] 
[local 
currency 
amount] 
LCY 
Instalment 
Amount divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate. 
 
 
 
[] 
[local 
currency 
amount] 
LCY 
Instalment 
Amount divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate. 
 
 
 
[] 
[local 
currency 
amount] 
LCY 
Instalment 
Amount divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate.] 
 
28. 
Redenomination: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable: The provisions of Condition 
16 of the General Conditions apply] 
29. 
Further Issues: 
[Not Applicable – the provisions of Condition 12 of the 
General Conditions do not apply] [Applicable – the 
provisions of Condition 12 of the General Conditions 
apply] [Credit Condition 5(h) applies (Include for LA 
Credit Linked Notes)] 
30. 
Name of Calculation Agent: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited/Citigroup Global 
Markets Inc. [(acting through its [] department/group (or 
any successor department/group))] 
31. 
Determinations: 
[Sole 
and 
Absolute 
Determination/Commercial 
Determination]  
32. 
Notices to the Issuer: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[If applicable:  
[Insert notice details for delivery of notices to the Issuer] 
Notice Delivery Business Day Centre: []] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
 ...................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 366 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-225 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Admission to trading and listing: 
Application [has been/is expected to be] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin 
[and [specify any third country market, SME growth 
market or MTF]] and to listing on the official list of 
Euronext Dublin [and [specify listing on any other 
official list as relevant)]] with effect from on or around 
[]] 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes are [not] rated. [The rating of the Notes is: 
 
(v) 
[S&P: []] 
 
(vi) 
[Moody's: 
[]] 
 
(vii) 
[Fitch: []] 
 
(viii) 
[[Other]: 
[]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider]* 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Economic 
Area and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended or superseded). [As such 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is included in the list of credit ratings 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with such Regulation.]] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EEA credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Economic Area and is not registered in accordance 
with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended or 
superseded). [[Insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EEA credit rating agency entity] is therefore not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
such Regulation.]

--- Page 367 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-226 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EEA credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Economic Area and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended or 
superseded) (the CRA Regulation). The ratings have 
been endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EEA-registered credit rating agency entity] in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. [Insert the legal 
name of the relevant EEA-registered credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Economic 
Area and registered under the CRA Regulation.[ As 
such [insert the legal name of the relevant EEA credit 
rating agency entity] is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation.]] The European Securities and Markets 
Authority has indicated that ratings issued in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/ 
Mexico 
(delete 
as 
appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EEA CRA entity that applied 
for registration] may be used in the European 
Economic Area by the relevant market participants.] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EEA credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Economic Area and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended or 
superseded) (the CRA Regulation) but it [is]/[has 
applied to be] certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation[[EITHER:] and it is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation] [[OR:] although notification of the 
corresponding certification decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EEA credit rating agency entity] is not included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation]. 
[[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is established in the European Economic Area 
and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended or superseded), although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision 
has not yet been provided by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority [and [insert the legal name of

--- Page 368 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-227 
 
 
the relevant credit rating agency] is not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs in accordance with such Regulation].] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EEA credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Economic Area and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended or 
superseded) (the CRA Regulation). However, the 
application for registration under the CRA Regulation 
of [insert the legal name of the relevant EEA credit 
rating agency entity that applied for registration], 
which is established in the European Economic Area, 
disclosed the intention to endorse credit ratings of 
[insert the legal name of the relevant non-EEA credit 
rating agency entity][, although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EEA credit rating agency entity] is not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation]. 
The European Securities and Markets Authority has 
indicated that ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/ 
Singapore/Argentina/Mexico (delete as appropriate)] 
which have been endorsed by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant EEA CRA entity that applied for 
registration] may be used in the European Economic 
Area by the relevant market participants.]]] 
[If reference is made to the ratings of Citigroup Inc. 
then insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity and the status of its application under the 
CRA Regulation] 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)

--- Page 369 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-228 
 
 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
[Save for any fees payable to [the Dealer[s]/the distributors/specify]/Save as discussed in 
["Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions"]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the Offer [. The 
[Dealers/distributors] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests]]] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
(i) 
Reasons for the Offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in 
the Base Prospectus, give details)  
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]] 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
CUSIP [and CINS]: 
[]  
CFI: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
FISN: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
DTC and the relevant identification 
number(s) and details relating to the 
relevant depositary, if applicable: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
references to the [Relevant Clearing System/(specify)] 
shall be deemed to be references to such clearing 
system]

--- Page 370 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-229 
 
 
[The Notes will be accepted for settlement in Euroclear 
UK & Ireland (CREST) via the CREST Depository 
Interest (CDI) mechanism] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [versus/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[][Not Applicable] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,  and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met]  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of the Lead 
Manager and the other Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(iii) 
[Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[Not Applicable][specify]]  
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(vi) 
[Total commission and concession: 
[None/[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount/No commissions and concessions are 
payable by the Issuer to the Dealer. The [(specify 
type of fee or commission)] payable by the Dealer to 
any distributor is (specify) of the Aggregate

--- Page 371 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-230 
 
 
Principal Amount. Investors can obtain more 
information about the fee by contacting the Dealer 
at the address set out herein]] 
 
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
[[For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the Notes as [debt/fixed-rate 
debt/fixed-rate debt issued with OID/OID Notes/contingent payment debt instruments, [for which 
purpose, the comparable yield relating to the Notes will be []% compounded [semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly], and the projected payment schedule with respect to a Note consists of 
the following payments: []/for which purpose, the comparable yield and the projected payment 
schedule are available by contacting [] at []]/variable rate debt instruments/variable rate debt 
instruments issued with OID/foreign currency Notes/foreign currency Notes issued with 
OID/foreign currency contingent payment debt instruments, [for which purpose, the comparable 
yield relating to the Notes will be []% compounded [semi-annually/quarterly/monthly], and the 
projected payment schedule with respect to a Note consists of the following payments: []/for 
which purpose, the comparable yield and the projected payment schedule are available by 
contacting [] at []]/short-term Notes/[specify other].] 
The Issuer has determined that the Notes are not Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 871(m).] 
 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are 
calculated by reference to [insert name(s) of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert 
name(s) of the administrator(s) – if more than one 
specify in relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name(s) 
of the administrator(s)] [is/are] [not] included in the 
register 
of 
administrators 
established 
and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [(ESMA)] pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 [(the BMR)].] [As far 
as the Issuer is aware, [[insert name of the 
administrator], 
as 
administrator 
of 
[specify 
benchmark(s)] is not required to be registered by 
virtue of Article 2 of [Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
[(the 
BMR)]]/[the 
BMR]] 
[the 
transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of [Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 [(the BMR)]]/[the BMR] apply, such 
that [insert name of the administrator] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]] 
[repeat as necessary]]

--- Page 372 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-231 
 
 
 
[CREDIT LINKED NOTES INFORMATION (Credit Linked Notes only) 
 
Certain information in relation to [the][each] Reference Entity and [[Non-]Standard Reference 
Obligation][Reference Assets] (if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
Name: 
[] 
Address: 
[] 
Country of incorporation: 
[] 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[] (For example financials, energy, insurance, 
manufacturing, construction, transport, media 
determined on the basis of available information on 
the Reference Entity) 
Market[(s)] on which securities are admitted 
to trading: 
[] 
[[Non-]Standard 
Reference 
Obligation][Reference Assets] Securities 
Code: 
[] 
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from 
information published by the relevant Reference Entity and repeated for each Reference Entity.  Country of 
incorporation, industry and address will be N/A for a Sovereign Reference Entity and Securities Code (eg. 
ISIN/CUSIP) will be N/A if there is no Reference Obligation/Reference Asset or it has no securities code.  
Note permissible markets for a Reference Entity's securities to be admitted to trading on are regulated 
markets, equivalent third country markets and SME Growth Markets. Include reference to Reference Assets 
above as appropriate for LA Credit Linked Notes) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and further performance of [[the] [each] Reference 
Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available from [internationally recognised electronically 
displayed sources such as [Bloomberg] ([free of charge/at a charge])] [and] [any web-site of such Reference 
Entity ([free of charge/at a charge])]. (Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)]

--- Page 373 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-232 
 
 
SECTION F.4 – PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
(for use in relation to Notes to which the Prospectus Regulation does not apply) 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO SWISS PRIVATE CLIENTS – The Notes are not intended to be, and may 
not be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act 
(FinSA). For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not a professional client under Articles 4 
and 5 FinSA. Consequently, no prospectus or key information document according to FinSA or any equivalent 
document under FinSA has been or will be prepared in relation to the Notes. The Notes do not constitute a 
participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes 
Act (CISA) and are not subject to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA), 
and investors in Notes will not benefit from protection under CISA or supervision by FINMA. Notes issued 
under the Programme are neither issued nor guaranteed by a Swiss financial intermediary. Investors are 
exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor. 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - The Issuer has determined the 
classification of the Notes as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).]4 
 
                                                     
4  
To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / 
they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 374 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-233 
 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [   ] 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31 
 
Issue of [Specify Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche/(specify aggregate number of Units of Tranche) 
Units of (specify principal amount of each Unit)] [Title of Notes] 
 
Guaranteed by Citigroup Inc. 
 
Under the Citi U.S.$10,000,000,000 Global Structured Note Programme 
[The Notes do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the Federal 
Act on CISA and are not licensed by the FINMA thereunder. Accordingly, neither the Notes nor holders of 
the Notes benefit from protection under CISA or supervision by FINMA and investors are exposed to the credit 
risk of the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor.] (Include this legend where the Notes are offered in Switzerland.) 
The Notes and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any state securities law. [The Notes are being 
offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities 
Act (Regulation S) and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S).  Each purchaser of the Notes or any beneficial interest therein 
will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person and 
will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person, other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof.]5  
[The Notes are being offered and sold solely to "qualified institutional buyers" (QIBs) in reliance on the 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A thereunder (Rule 144A). Each 
purchaser of the Notes or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it 
and each account for which it is purchasing (or holding) Notes is a QIB and that it will not sell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time to any person other than (a) the Issuer 
or any affiliate thereof or (b) a person it reasonably believes to be a QIB purchasing the Notes for its own 
account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and 
in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any State of the United States and any other jurisdiction.]6  
The Notes and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee [and any [Asset Amounts] [LA Settlement Assets]] do not 
constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options 
thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in the Notes [and 
any [Asset Amounts] [LA Settlement Assets]] has not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended.  For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes, see "General Information Relating to the Programme and the 
Notes - Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" in the Base Listing Particulars. 
The Notes may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and holding of 
the Notes is made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a plan, individual retirement 
account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the Code) or an employee benefit plan or plan subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar 
to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
                                                     
5  
Include for Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S. 
6  
Include for Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A.

--- Page 375 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-234 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars. This document does not constitute Final Terms for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes hereof, the expression Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth under the 
section[s] entitled ["Terms and Conditions of the Notes", the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
relevant Underlying Schedule[s] ]in the Base Listing Particulars. 
The Base Listing Particulars is available for viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and on the web-site 
of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). [In addition, this Pricing Supplement is available []].  
[Use this paragraph if the Base Listing Particulars has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, Base 
Listing Particulars means the Base Listing Particulars in relation to the Programme dated 4 February 2022.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Base Listing Particulars has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, Base 
Listing Particulars means the Base Listing Particulars in relation to the Programme dated 4 February 2022, 
as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[  ]) dated [  ] [and a Supplement (No.[  ]) dated [  ]].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A).  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
sub-paragraphs.  Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
Citigroup Inc. 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Notes become fungible)] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes will be consolidated and 
form a single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on 
[]/[the Issue Date]] 
3. 
(i) 
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies: 
[] 
(ii) 
Settlement Currency: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[][Units (each Unit being [] in principal amount of 
the Notes)] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[][Units (each Unit being [] in principal amount of 
the Notes)]

--- Page 376 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-235 
 
 
[The Notes are issued in Units. Accordingly, references 
herein to Units shall be deemed to be references to [] 
in principal amount of the Notes and all references in the 
Conditions to payments and/or deliveries being made in 
respect of a Calculation Amount shall be construed to 
such payments and/or deliveries being made in respect 
of a Unit] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[] 
per 
cent. 
of 
the 
Aggregate 
Principal 
Amount][[insert currency amount] (being equal to [] 
per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount, converted 
into [insert currency] at an FX rate of [])] [plus 
accrued interest from []] (insert for fungible issues, if 
applicable) 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[][Unit] 
(this means the minimum integral amount in which 
transfers can be made) 
(Note 
– 
where 
multiple 
denominations 
above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof ".) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[][Unit] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Interest Payment Date falling on or 
nearest to []] [(the Scheduled Maturity Date) subject 
as provided in the Credit Conditions] 
(NB. For certain Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes in respect of which the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification, Modified Following Business 
Day Convention should apply.) 
9. 
Type of Notes: 
[The Notes are [Fixed Rate Notes][Floating Rate 
Notes][The Notes pay the LA Interest Amount]][The 
Notes do not bear or pay any interest]

--- Page 377 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-236 
 
 
[The Notes are Underlying Linked Notes [that are Credit 
Linked Notes]] 
[The Notes are Instalment Notes] 
The Notes are Cash Settled Notes [and/or may be 
Physical Delivery Notes] [and the Redemption Amount 
is [][as specified in item 14(iii) below][the LA Final 
Redemption Amount]] 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call as specified in item 14(i) below]  
 
[Investor Put as specified in item 14(ii) below]  
 
[Not Applicable] 
11. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(ii) 
Status of the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee: 
Senior 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES  
12. 
Underlying Linked Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable – the Notes are [Credit Linked Notes and 
the provisions in [Underlying Schedule 1 - Credit 
Linked Conditions][Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit 
Linked Conditions (2014 Definitions)]/linked to [] and 
the provisions set out in the Schedule attached hereto] 
apply/Not Applicable]  
(Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
(2014 Definitions) should not be applied for LA Credit 
Linked Notes however should these to be applied for an 
issue with appropriate changes to be suitable for LA 
Credit Linked Notes, cross-references to Credit 
Conditions in the Pricing Supplement should be updated 
accordingly) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)  
(A) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
(B) 
First to Default Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Spread Requirement Percentage 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(Note if Additional Risk Events are to be specified in 
respect of First to Default Notes, consider necessary 
related changes to the Credit Conditions) 
(C) 
Calculation Agent City: 
[] [Credit Condition [7][8] applies] 
(D) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[]

--- Page 378 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-237 
 
 
(E) 
Succession 
Event 
Backstop 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
(2014 Definitions) applies) 
(F) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[][Not Applicable] 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
[If Standard Reference Obligation is applicable, insert: 
Senior Level: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Subordinated Level: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(N.B. If Standard Reference Obligation is applicable, 
consider whether any amendments are required to the 
Credit Conditions to address the possibility that an SRO 
may be removed from the SRO List).  
[If Underlying Schedule 2 – 
Credit Linked Conditions (2014 
Definitions) applies and there is 
a 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation, insert: 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation:] 
 
[The obligation[s] identified as 
follows: 
(specify each) 
• 
Primary Obligor: 
[] 
• 
Guarantor: 
[] 
• 
Maturity: 
[] 
• 
Coupon: 
[] 
• 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[]] (Only include for Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit 
Linked Conditions  if Standard Reference Obligation 
does not apply or Standard Reference Obligation 
applies but has not yet been published and an initial 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is required until 
publication) 
Deliverable 
Obligations 
for 
Reference Obligation purposes: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies or if the Notes are Reference Obligation Only 
Notes in which case delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs below)

--- Page 379 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-238 
 
 
• 
[Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
• 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency: 
 
[] [Standard Specified Currencies] 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
[Domestic Currency means: [specify currency]] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
 
[Qualifying Participation Seller: - insert details] 
[Transferable] 
[Maximum Maturity: 
 
[]] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[Not Bearer]] 
(G) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(H) 
Credit Events: 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay] 
[Grace Period Extension: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
Grace Period: [][Credit Condition [7]/[8] applies]] 
[Governmental 
Intervention] 
(Only 
available 
if 
Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
(2014 Definitions) applies) 
[Obligation Default] 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring] 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation: 
Credit Condition [2] (if Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit 
Linked Conditions applies) / [3] (if Underlying Schedule 
2 – Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Definitions) 
applies)(l): [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Provisions relating to Restructuring Credit Event: Credit 
Condition [2] (if Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked 
Conditions applies) / [3] (if Underlying Schedule 2 – 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions 
(2014 
Definitions) 
applies)(k): [Applicable/Not Applicable] [with respect 
to 
Obligation 
Category 
"Bond" 
and 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
with 
respect 
Obligation 
Category "Loan"]

--- Page 380 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-239 
 
 
[[Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Fully 
Transferable Obligation] (if Underlying Schedule 1 – 
Credit Linked Conditions applies) / [Mod R] (if 
Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions 
(2014 
Definitions) 
applies): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
[[Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation] (if Underlying 
Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions applies) / [Mod 
Mod R] (if Underlying Schedule 2 – Credit Linked 
Conditions (2014 Definitions) applies): [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
[other] 
(I) 
Financial 
Reference 
Entity 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
(J) 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
(K) 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit 
Event Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
 
[If the 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions 
apply, insert: 
Fallback Discounting: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
(L) 
Default Requirement: 
[] 
(M) 
Payment Requirement: 
[] 
(N) 
Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(O) 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
Public Source(s):[]] 
Specified Number:[]] 
(P) 
DC Determinations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Q) 
DC Methodology Asset Market 
Value: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
(R) 
DC Approved Successor Rate 
Source: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies)

--- Page 381 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-240 
 
 
(S) 
DC Asset Package Value: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
(T) 
DC Settlement Suspension: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(U) 
Obligation(s): 
 
I. 
Obligation Category: 
 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
[Not Applicable] 
(select one only or specify as Not Applicable as 
required) 
II. 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency: 
[] [Standard Specified Currencies]] 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency:] 
[Domestic Currency means: []] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(select all of which apply or specify as Not Applicable 
as required) 
III. 
Additional 
Obligation(s): 
[][Reference Assets][Not Applicable] 
(V) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[][Not Applicable] 
(W) 
Merger Event: 
[(a)] 
Credit Condition [2] (if Underlying Schedule 1 
– Credit Linked Conditions applies) / [3] (if Underlying 
Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions (2014 
Definitions) applies)(j): [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
(b) 
Merger Event Redemption Date: []] 
(X) 
Unwind Costs: 
[[]/Standard Unwind Costs/Not Applicable] 
(Y) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement Applicable][[LA] Cash Settlement 
Applicable][Physical 
Delivery 
[(LA 
Physical 
Settlement)] Applicable]

--- Page 382 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-241 
 
 
(Z) 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[][Credit Condition [7]/[8] applies][Not Applicable] 
(AA) 
Credit Event Redemption Date: 
[[] Business Days/Credit Event Determination 
Date/Credit Condition [7]/[8] applies][Not Applicable] 
(BB) 
Credit 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify Not Applicable if Underlying Schedule 1 – 
Credit Linked Conditions applies) 
(CC) 
LA Credit Linked Provisions:  
[The Credit Linked Notes are LA Credit Linked Notes 
and the provisions of Credit Condition 5 apply/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If the relevant provisions are not applicable or are to 
be set out in a Schedule, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
I. 
Reference Asset(s): 
[][Not Applicable] 
II. 
Maturity 
Date 
of 
Reference Assets: 
[][Not Applicable] 
III. 
Reference Assets Only 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
IV. 
Reference Custodian: 
[][Not Applicable] 
V. 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[][Not Applicable] 
VI. 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[][Not Applicable] 
VII. 
USD Principal Amount: [[]/The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding/Not Applicable] 
VIII. 
LCY 
Reference 
Amount: 
[[]/The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding/Not Applicable] 
IX. 
Applicable 
Principal 
Currency Amount: 
[USD Principal Amount/LCY Reference Amount/The 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding] 
X. 
LA Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
LA Interest Amounts: 
(If not applicable, delete the table below) 
 
 Interest Payment Date, 
subject as provided in 
the Credit Conditions 
LA Interest Amount

--- Page 383 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-242 
 
 
 
 [] 
[local currency amount] 
divided by the applicable 
FX Rate. 
 
 
 [] 
[local currency amount] 
divided by the applicable 
FX Rate. 
 
 
 [] 
[local currency amount] 
divided by the applicable 
FX Rate. 
 
XI. 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable: 
[Inconvertibility 
Event][Ownership 
Restriction 
Event][Settlement/Custodial 
Event][Underlying 
RMB 
Currency 
Event]/Not 
Applicable] 
(Note if Additional Risk Events are to be specified in 
respect of First to Default Notes, consider necessary 
related changes to the Credit Conditions) 
XII. 
Additional Risk Event 
Start Date: 
[Trade Date/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
XIII. 
Potential Risk Event 
Postponement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
XIV. 
LA Cash Settlement 
[Applicable – see also item 14(iv)(C) below][Not 
Applicable] 
XV. 
LA Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable 
– 
see 
item 
14(iv)(C) 
below][/Not 
Applicable] 
XVI. 
Fixed 
Recovery 
LA 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable. The Fixed Recovery LA Redemption 
Amount is [[][[] per cent. of [the Applicable 
Principal Currency Amount][the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding]][, divided by the FX 
Rate]][Not Applicable] 
XVII. LA Zero Recovery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
XVIII. LA Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]][, divided by the FX Rate]][As set out in Credit 
Condition 7] 
XIX. 
Tax Deduction Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST AMOUNTS, THE REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND 
ANY ASSET AMOUNT DELIVERABLE IN RELATION TO THE NOTES 
13. 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable – [the Notes are [Fixed Rate Notes/Floating 
Rate Notes/(specify other)]][the Notes pay the LA 
Interest Amount (see item 12(CC)X above)]] [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 384 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-243 
 
 
(If not applicable or the Notes pay LA Interest, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[EITHER: 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Not Applicable 
II. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
Subject as provided in the Credit Conditions, [][each 
Instalment Date and the Scheduled Maturity Date] 
(NB. For certain Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes in respect of which the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification, insert Modified Following 
Business Day Convention) 
III. 
Interest Amount: 
[], payable on the Interest Payment Date scheduled to 
fall [in/on] [] (specify amount for each Interest 
Payment Date where different) 
OR: 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Applicable 
II. 
Interest Rate: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear] 
III. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[Subject as provided in the Credit Conditions, [] [in 
each year]][Subject as provided in the Credit 
Conditions, each Instalment Date and the Scheduled 
Maturity Date] [adjusted in accordance with the [] 
Business Day Convention/not adjusted] 
(NB. For certain Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate 
Notes in respect of which the Interest Payment Dates are 
subject to modification, insert Modified Following 
Business Day Convention) 
IV. 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[[] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with the [] 
Business Day Convention/not adjusted]] 
V. 
Interest Amount(s): 
[[], payable on the Interest Payment Date scheduled to 
fall [in/on] [] (if applicable specify amount for each 
relevant Interest Payment Date)]/As set out in the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule] 
VI. 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[], payable on the Interest Payment Date scheduled to 
fall [in/on] [] (if applicable specify amount for each 
relevant Interest Payment Date)] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 385 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-244 
 
 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Interest 
Amount) 
VII. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/[Actual/365] (N.B. Applicable for 
Fixed Rate Notes denominated in Renminbi.) 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]/[Act/365L] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis] 
VIII. 
Determination Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[] in each year (insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
IX. 
Other terms relating to 
the 
method 
of 
calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
[] 
(B) 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
I. 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[Subject as provided in the Credit Conditions, [] [in 
each year]][Subject as provided in the Credit 
Conditions, each Instalment Date and the Scheduled 
Maturity Date] [adjusted in accordance with the [] 
Business Day Convention/No Adjustment] 
II. 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[[] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with the [] 
Business Day Convention/No Adjustment]] 
(If ISDA Determination and 2021 ISDA Definitions 
apply and Actual/Actual (ICMA) is the Day Count 
Fraction specify No Adjustment) 
III. 
Manner in which the 
Interest Rate(s) is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA Determination/SONIA Floating 
Rate 
Determination/SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination]

--- Page 386 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-245 
 
 
IV. 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Interest 
Rate(s) and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent/[]] 
V. 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[USD 
LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/ROBOR/
TIBOR/HIBOR] [BBSW (being the Sydney average 
mid rate for AUD bills of exchange)] [BKBM (being the 
Wellington rate for New Zealand Dollar bills of 
exchange)] 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[] 
• 
Specified Time: 
[][Condition 2.3 of the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule applies] 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[][Condition 2.3 of the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule applies] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
• 
Page: 
[] 
VI. 
USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[] month [(the Designated Maturity) (include where 
Linear Interpolation is applicable)] USD LIBOR 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Second day on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] [] 
• 
Page: 
[Thomson Reuters Screen LIBOR0l] [] 
• 
Specified Time: 
[][Condition 2.3 of the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule applies] 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[][Condition 2.3 of the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule applies] 
VII. 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions]

--- Page 387 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-246 
 
 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are Applicable, note 
that the Conditions have been reviewed in relation to 
Version 2 dated 30 September 2021 of the 2021 
Definitions. If a later version is to be followed, the 
Conditions should be reviewed carefully to ensure 
compatibility with the relevant ISDA Rate before use) 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[] 
(Where the 2021 ISDA Definitions are Applicable, 
ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
• 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date][] 
• 
Termination Date: 
[Last occurring Interest Period End Date][] 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[][Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
• 
Reset Date: 
[][Subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] Business 
Day Convention]  
(If following standard ISDA elections, insert same 
Business Day Convention as for Interest Period End 
Dates unless "No Adjustment" applies to such dates, in 
which case delete the reference to Business Day 
Convention so that relevant ISDA fallbacks relating to 
Business Day Conventions will apply) 
• 
Period 
End 
Date/Termination 
Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
[Business Day (for 
the purposes of the 
ISDA Definitions): 
[]] 
• 
Floored ISDA Rate: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Compounding/ 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable if an "Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method" or "Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method" is applicable. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 388 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-247 
 
 
- 
Compounding: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
- 
Averaging: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
- 
Lookback: 
[[] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Compounding with Lookback or 
Averaging with Lookback) 
- 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
[[] Observation Period Shift Business Days] /[As 
specified 
in 
the 
[2006][2021] 
Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable] (Specify 
Not Applicable unless the standard position under the 
ISDA Definitions is to be changed) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]/[Not Applicable]]  
(Applicable only for Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift or Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift) 
- 
Lockout: 
[[] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified in the 
[2006][2021] Definitions]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable 
only for Compounding with Lockout or Averaging with 
Lockout) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: []/ [Applicable 
Business Days]] (Specify Applicable Business Days 
unless the standard position under the ISDA Definitions 
is to be changed) 
- 
Daily Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method. If Not 
Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and Daily 
Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%] 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the denominator of the 
Day Count Fraction) 
• 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 389 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-248 
 
 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate Option 
and an Index Method. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method (may only be selected if the 
2021 Definitions are specified)/Compounded Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift/[As specified in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions]] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] (Not 
Applicable should be specified unless the standard 
position under the ISDA Definitions is to be changed) 
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days]/[As specified in the [2006][2021] 
Definitions] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]]] 
- 
[Day 
Count 
Basis: 
[]] (If not included this will be the denominator of the 
Day Count Fraction) 
- 
2021 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and the Longer Designated Maturity)/Not Applicable] 
VIII. 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or 
long interest period)]  
IX. 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][] per cent. per annum]  
X. 
Minimum Interest Rate: [[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
XI. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
XII. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)][Actual/365] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]/[Act/365L] 
[30/360 / [360/360] / [Bond Basis][30E/360] / 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[1/1] 
[Calculation/252] 
[RBA Bond Basis]

--- Page 390 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-249 
 
 
(See Valuation and Settlement Condition 2.3 for 
available alternatives and, where applicable, from these 
match Day Count Fraction set out in the ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate Matrix) 
XIII. 
Fall back provisions, 
rounding 
provisions 
and any other terms 
relating to the method 
of calculating interest 
on Floating Rate Notes, 
if different from those 
set out in the Terms and 
Conditions: 
[] 
XIV. 
SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• Compounded Daily 
SONIA (Shift): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only Not Applicable may be specified for Compounded 
Daily SONIA – Index Determination) 
• Compounded Daily 
SONIA (Lag): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only Not Applicable may be specified for Compounded 
Daily SONIA – Index Determination) 
• Page: 
[]/[SONIAOSR=]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Not Applicable may be specified for Compounded 
Daily SONIA – Index Determination) 
• Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA – non Index 
Determination: Fifth London Banking Day prior to the 
date each Interest Period ends on, but excludes] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA - Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Final Interest 
Period End Date and Relevant Number means [insert 
number being two or greater]] 
XV. 
SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• Observation Method: [Not Applicable]/[Lag]/[Shift]

--- Page 391 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-250 
 
 
(Specify Lag or Shift except where Index Determination 
is applicable) 
• Observation 
Look-
Back Period: 
[Not Applicable]/ [[] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] 
(Specify except where Index Determination is applicable. 
N.B. must be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
• Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – non Index 
Determination: Second U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
relevant Final Interest Period End Date and Relevant 
Number means [insert number being two or greater]] 
14. 
Redemption Provisions: 
(i) 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] [Recovery Value [and, for which purpose, [] shall 
be deemed to be the LA Valuation Date in respect of 
[each Optional Redemption Date] [the Optional 
Redemption Date falling on or around []] (specify each 
where different)] 
(C) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
I. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]]/[Not Applicable]  
II. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[]]/Not Applicable]  
(D) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less than [] 
Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the General Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5

--- Page 392 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-251 
 
 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent). 
(ii) 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[] 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] [Recovery Value [and, for which purpose [] shall 
be deemed to be the LA Valuation Date in respect of 
[each Optional Redemption Date] [the Optional 
Redemption Date falling on or around []] (specify each 
where different)] 
(C) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less than [] 
Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the General Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent) 
(iii) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[]][LA Final Redemption Amount] [Recovery Value 
[and, for which purpose, [] shall be deemed to be the 
LA Valuation Date]] 
(iv) 
Underlying 
Linked 
Notes 
Redemption Provisions 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Provisions relating to 
Auction Settlement 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
I. 
Fallback 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash Settlement/Physical Delivery] 
II. 
Auction Final 
Price 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[Applicable 
– 
Credit 
Condition 
[7]/[8] 
applies][Applicable – [] days][Not Applicable] 
III. 
Auction 
Cut-
Off Date: 
[][Credit Condition [7]/[8] applies] (If not specified, 
Credit Linked Conditions provide for ninety calendar 
days after the Maturity Date)

--- Page 393 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-252 
 
 
IV. 
Maturity Date 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(B) 
Provisions relating to 
Cash Settlement 
[Applicable/Applicable if the Fallback Settlement 
Method applies (insert where Fallback Settlement 
Method is Cash Settlement)/Applicable if Credit 
Condition [2]/[3](i) applies (insert where Settlement 
Method or Fallback Settlement Method is Physical 
Delivery (as Partial Cash Settlement could apply)/Not 
Applicable/LA Cash Settlement applies]   
(If Not Applicable or if LA Cash Settlement applies, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
I. 
Maturity Date 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
II. 
Final Price: 
[Reference 
Obligation 
Final 
Price][Deliverable 
Obligation 
Final 
Price][Fixed 
Recovery][Credit 
Condition [2]/[3](i) applies] 
(If Deliverable Obligation Final Price is applicable 
specify items III., V., VI., VII., VIII., IX., X. and XI. as 
"Not Applicable" and complete relevant Deliverable 
Obligation details under item (C) below) 
III. 
Fixed Recovery [Applicable – [] per cent. is the Final Price] [Not 
Applicable] 
IV. 
Valuation Date: [Single Valuation Date: 
 
[] Business Days] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
 
[] Business Days; and each [] Business Days 
thereafter 
 
Number of Valuation Dates: []] 
V. 
Valuation 
Time: 
[][Credit Condition [[2]/[3](i)] [[7]/[8]] applies] 
VI. 
Quotation 
Method: 
[Bid/Offer/Mid-market][Credit Condition [[2]/[3](i)] 
[[7]/[8]] applies] 
VII. 
Quotation 
Amount: 
[[]/Representative 
Amount] 
[Credit 
Condition 
[[2]/[3](i)] [[7]/[8]] applies] 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Quotation 
Amount: 
[[]/Not Applicable][Credit Condition [7]/[8] applies]

--- Page 394 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-253 
 
 
IX. 
Quotation 
Dealers: 
[][Credit Condition [7]/[8] applies] 
X. 
[If Underlying 
Schedule 1 – 
Credit Linked 
Conditions 
applies, insert: 
Quotations] [If 
Underlying 
Schedule 2 – 
Credit Linked 
Conditions 
(2014 
Definitions) 
applies, insert: 
Accrued 
Interest]: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest/Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest/Credit Condition [7]/[10] applies] 
XI. 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Market/Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest] 
 
[Blended Market/Blended Highest] (Only available if 
Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
 
[Average Blended Market/Average Blended Highest] 
(Only available if Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit 
Linked Conditions applies) 
[Credit Condition [[2]/[3](i)] [[7]/[8]] applies] 
(C) 
Provisions relating to 
Physical 
Delivery 
Notes 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/LA Physical Settlement 
applies/Applicable only for the purposes of determining 
Deliverable Obligations for [LA] Cash Settlement] 
 
(If not applicable or if LA Physical Settlement and 
Reference Assets Only Settlement applies, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(N.B. If the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes, physical 
delivery of any Relevant Asset must be made in 
compliance with the provisions of the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended and the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended. Provisions relating 
to Physical Delivery Notes will only be applicable for 
LA Cash Settlement Notes if Reference Assets Only 
Settlement is specified as not applicable)

--- Page 395 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-254 
 
 
I. 
Physical 
Settlement 
Period: 
[[] 
Business 
Days/Credit 
Condition 
[7]/[8] 
applies][Not Applicable] 
II. 
[If Underlying 
Schedule 1 – 
Credit Linked 
Conditions 
applies, insert: 
Asset Amount] 
[If Underlying 
Schedule 2 – 
Credit Linked 
Conditions 
(2014 
Definitions) 
applies, insert: 
Include 
Accrued 
Interest]: 
[If Underlying Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions 
applies, insert: [Not Applicable/Include Accrued 
Interest/Exclude Accrued Interest]] [If Underlying 
Schedule 2 – Credit Linked Conditions (2014 
Definitions) 
applies, 
insert: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
III. 
Deliverable 
Obligations: 
 
• 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
 
[Payment] 
[Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
[Bond] 
[Loan] 
[Bond or Loan] 
(Select one only) 
• 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteris
tics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency: 
[] [Standard Specified Currencies] 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Domestic Currency means: [specify currency]] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Contingent] (Only available if Underlying 
Schedule 1 – Credit Linked Conditions applies) 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
[Qualifying Participation Seller: - insert details] 
[Transferable] 
[Maximum Maturity: 
[]] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[Not Bearer]

--- Page 396 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-255 
 
 
(select all which apply) 
• 
Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(
s): 
[][Reference Assets][Not Applicable] 
IV. 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[][Not Applicable] 
V. 
Indicative 
Quotations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
VI. 
Cut-off Date: 
[][Not Applicable] 
VII. 
Hedge 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
15. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[As determined in Condition 5(d)(a) of the General 
Conditions] [Recovery Value] 
16. 
Obligor Regulatory Call Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
17. 
Reference Rate Event Provisions: 
Pre-nominated 
Replacement 
Reference 
Rate(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
18. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate ([insert 
denomination 
currency][] 
principal 
amount) 
registered in the name of a nominee for [a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/Rule 
144A 
Global 
Registered Note Certificate ([insert denomination 
currency][] principal amount) registered in the name 
of a nominee for [DTC/ a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]) 
19. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[No/Yes – New Safekeeping Structure applies] [Not 
Applicable] 
20. 
Business Centres: 
[] 
 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the definition of Business 
Day)

--- Page 397 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-256 
 
 
21. 
Business Day Jurisdiction(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/New York City /[]] 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment) 
22. 
RMB Currency Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
23. 
RMB Settlement Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
24. 
Relevant Currency: 
[USD]/[give details] [Not Applicable] 
25. 
Relevant Currency Valuation Time: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
26. 
Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page: 
[][Not Applicable] 
27. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
 
(a) 
LCY Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[(b) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(c) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Not Applicable][Subject as provided in the Credit 
Conditions, [give details]]] 
[For LCY Instalment Notes, insert: 
 
(b) 
Instalment 
Date(s) 
and 
Instalment Amount(s): 
 
Instalment 
Date, 
subject 
as 
provided in 
the 
Credit 
Conditions 
LCY 
Instalment 
Amount 
Instalment Amount 
 
 
 
 
[] 
[local 
currency 
amount] 
LCY 
Instalment 
Amount divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate. 
 
 
 
[] 
[local 
currency 
amount] 
LCY 
Instalment 
Amount divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate.

--- Page 398 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-257 
 
 
 
 
[] 
[local 
currency 
amount] 
LCY 
Instalment 
Amount divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate.] 
 
28. 
Redenomination: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable: The provisions of 
Condition 16 of the General Conditions apply] 
29. 
Further Issues: 
[Not Applicable – the provisions of Condition 12 of the 
General Conditions do not apply] [Applicable – the 
provisions of Condition 12 of the General Conditions 
apply] [Credit Condition 5(h) applies (Include for LA 
Credit Linked Notes)] 
30. 
Name of Calculation Agent: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited/Citigroup Global 
Markets Inc. [(acting through its [] department/group 
(or any successor department/group))] 
31. 
Determinations: 
[Sole 
and 
Absolute 
Determination/Commercial 
Determination] 
32. 
Notices to the Issuer: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
[Insert notice details for delivery of notices to the Issuer] 
Notice Delivery Business Day Centre: []] 
33. 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
34. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
 ...................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 399 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-258 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Admission to trading and listing: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [specify relevant non-EEA 
regulated market (for example, the Global 
Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin) – note this 
must not be the London Stock Exchange’s main 
market – and, if relevant, listing on an official list 
(for example, the official list of Euronext Dublin)] 
with effect from on or around []] [Not Applicable] 
Tranche [] of the Notes has been admitted to 
trading on [specify relevant non-EEA regulated 
market (for example, the Global Exchange Market 
of Euronext Dublin) – note this must not be the 
London Stock Exchange’s main market – and, if 
relevant, listing on an official list (for example, the 
official list of Euronext Dublin)] with effect from 
[]] (Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading) 
Estimated expenses relating to admission to 
trading: 
[] 
 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes are [not] rated. [The rating of the Notes 
is: 
 
(v) 
[S&P:  
[]] 
 
(vi) 
[Moody's: 
[]] 
 
(vii) 
[Fitch: []] 
 
(viii) 
[[Other]: 
[]] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
CUSIP [and CINS]: 
[]

--- Page 400 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-259 
 
 
CFI: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
FISN: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC and the 
relevant identification number(s) and details 
relating to the relevant depositary, if 
applicable: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
references 
to 
the 
[Relevant 
Clearing 
System/(specify)] shall be deemed to be references 
to such clearing system ] 
 
[The Notes will be accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland (CREST) via the CREST 
Depository Interest (CDI) mechanism] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [versus/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[][Not Applicable] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met]  
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting 
as common safekeeper.  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]

--- Page 401 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-260 
 
 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of the Lead 
Manager and the other Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
[Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[Not Applicable][specify]] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name and address 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(vi) 
[Total commission and concession: 
[None/[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount/No commissions and concessions are 
payable by the Issuer to the Dealer. The [(specify 
type of fee or commission)] payable by the Dealer 
to any distributor is (specify) of the Aggregate 
Principal Amount. Investors can obtain more 
information about the fee by contacting the Dealer 
at the address set out herein]] 
 
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
[[For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the Notes as [debt/fixed-rate 
debt/fixed-rate debt issued with OID/OID Notes/ contingent payment debt instruments, [for which 
purpose, the comparable yield relating to the Notes will be []% compounded [semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly], and the projected payment schedule with respect to a Note consists of 
the following payments: []/for which purpose, the comparable yield and the projected payment 
schedule are available by contacting [] at []]/variable rate debt instruments/variable rate debt 
instruments issued with OID/foreign currency Notes/foreign currency Notes issued with 
OID/foreign currency contingent payment debt instruments, [for which purpose, the comparable 
yield relating to the Notes will be []% compounded [semi-annually/quarterly/monthly], and the 
projected payment schedule with respect to a Note consists of the following payments: []/for 
which purpose, the comparable yield and the projected payment schedule are available by 
contacting [] at []]/short-term Notes/[specify other]].] 
Section 871(m): 
(Use this paragraph if the Section 871(m) determinations are final.)  [The Issuer has determined 
that the Notes are Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" 
test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below for additional information with 
respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to calculate the amounts of dividend 
equivalents for the Notes.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Notes are Specified ELIs because (i) 
the Issue Date for the Notes is prior to 2023 and (ii) the Notes have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer 
has determined that the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices and/or 
Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the Notes are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has 
determined that the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one or more indices whose sole U.S. equity 
components are Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the Notes 
are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Notes are not Specified ELIs based on 
either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below.]/[The 
Issuer has determined that the Notes are not Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Notes

--- Page 402 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-261 
 
 
is prior to 2023 and (ii) the Notes do not have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the 
Notes are not Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 871(m).]  [Additional Section 871(m) 
Information: [ ]] 
(Use this paragraph instead if the Section 871(m) determinations are indicative and will be updated 
at issuance.)  [The following is based on information available as of the date of this Pricing 
Supplement. [The Issuer would treat the Notes as Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or 
the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below for 
additional information with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to calculate 
the amounts of dividend equivalents for the Notes.]/[The Issuer would treat the Notes as Specified 
ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Notes is prior to 2023 and (ii) the Notes have a "delta" of 
one.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Notes as Specified ELIs because the underlying asset(s) consist 
solely of one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities.]/[The Issuer would not 
treat the Notes as Specified ELIs because the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one or more 
indices whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index 
Securities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Notes as Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test 
or the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below.]/[The Issuer would not treat 
the Notes as Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Notes is prior to 2023 and (ii) the 
Notes do not have a "delta" of one.] [Additional Section 871(m) Information: []] This information 
is indicative. [If the Issuer’s determination as of the time the Notes are issued is different, it 
will give notice updating its determination based on circumstances at the time the Notes are 
issued.]/[Please contact []] for further information regarding the application of Section 
871(m) to the Notes.]/[specify other]. By acquiring a Note, a holder agrees to the Issuer’s 
method of providing information required under Section 871(m). 
(Include table below if (i) the Notes are Specified ELIs, or (ii) the Notes are not Specified ELIs 
based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test.)  
Underlyi
ng Asset 
Underlyi
ng 
Securitie
s (Y/N) 
Qualified 
Index/Qualifi
ed 
Index 
Security 
(Y/N) 
Simple 
Contra
ct (Y/N) 
Delta (if 
Simple 
Contrac
t) 
Substantia
l 
Equivalen
ce Test (if 
not 
a 
Simple 
Contract) 
Number 
of 
Shares 
Multipli
ed 
by 
Delta (if 
Simple 
Contract
) 
Initial 
Hedge (if 
applicabl
e) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
]

--- Page 403 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
F-262 
 
 
 
[CREDIT LINKED NOTES INFORMATION (Credit Linked Notes listed on the Global 
Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin only) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and further performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available from [internationally recognised 
electronically displayed sources such as [Bloomberg]] [and] [any web-site of such Reference 
Entity]. (repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source).  Each of the Issuer 
and the CGMHI Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
(Consider any appropriate revisions to this and the responsibility statement in the Base Listing 
Particulars particularly in the context of Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A).]  
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 404 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
G-1 
 
 
SECTION G – NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
THE ISSUER 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
 
THE CGMHI GUARANTOR 
Citigroup Inc. 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
AUDITORS TO CGMHI AND CITIGROUP INC. 
KPMG LLP 
345 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10154 
United States 
ISSUING AGENT, AND FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, EXCHANGE AGENT 
AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) CALCULATION AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
 
REGISTRAR 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
TRANSFER AGENT 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland

--- Page 405 ---
0012230-0017999 UKO2: 2003708419.13 
G-2 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO ENGLISH LAW 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
England 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO UNITED STATES LAW  
Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 
450 Lexington Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
United States  
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
DEALERS  
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
390 Greenwich Street, 3rd Floor 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland