--- Page 1 ---
10226869205-v16 
 
70-41031445 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
U.S.$110,000,000,000 
Programme for the issuance of 
Euro Medium-Term Notes, Series C 
Under the Programme for the issuance of Euro Medium-Term Notes, Series C described in this base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU 
Prospectus Regulation"), Citigroup Inc. (the "Issuer" or "Citigroup") may from time to time issue senior notes (the "Senior 
Notes") and subordinated notes (the "Subordinated Notes" and, together with the Senior Notes, the "Notes") with a maturity 
of twelve months or more, subject to compliance with all laws, regulations and directives. The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes outstanding at any time will not exceed U.S.$110,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). The Notes for all 
purposes are governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), 
in its capacity as competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The base prospectus has been issued in compliance 
with the EU Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes under the Euro 
Medium-Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during the period ending on 9 June 
2023. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies does not apply after the date on which this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.   
 The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an 
endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. 
Applications have been made for such Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, but Citigroup is not required to maintain this listing. See "Risk Factors—The Issuer may elect to de-list the Notes 
if statutory requirements become impracticable or unduly burdensome." The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(the "EU MiFID Directive" or "EU MiFID II"). The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will 
not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to 
be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. Application has been made for a certificate of approval under Article 25 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation to be issued by the CSSF to the competent authority in each of France, Germany, The Netherlands, 
Republic of Ireland, Spain, Italy, the Kingdom of Denmark, Belgium and Austria. This document as well as the documents 
incorporated by reference will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
By approving this Base Prospectus, investors should note that the CSSF, in its capacity as competent authority under the 
Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities, as amended (the "Prospectus Law 2019"), assumes no 
responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of any transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the 
quality or solvency of the Issuer, in line with Article 6(4) of the Prospectus Law 2019. 
 _____________________________________________  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities 
Act"). Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to a U.S 
Person (as such term is defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). For a description of certain restrictions on 
offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any final terms and other offering 
material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale." 
The Notes will not be deposits or savings accounts but are unsecured debt obligations of Citigroup. The Notes will not be 
insured or guaranteed by the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency or instrumentality. 
Arranger 
Citigroup 
Dealer 
Citigroup 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 9 June 2022.

--- Page 2 ---
10226869205-v16 
- i - 
70-41031445 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 9 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 22 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................... 26 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 26 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 28 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 75 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .............. 91 
EUROPEAN UNION TRANSPARENCY DIRECTIVE .......................................................................... 94 
THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................................................. 95 
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF CITIGROUP INC. .................................................... 99 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER ........................................ 101 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 102 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 105 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 109 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 116 
NON-CONFIDENTIALITY .................................................................................................................... 120 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................................... 121

--- Page 3 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 1 - 
70-41031445 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to 
the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. Where information 
contained in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party, this information has been accurately 
reproduced and so far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by that third 
party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation in 
respect of the Notes. This Base Prospectus has also been prepared for the purpose of giving information 
with regard to the Issuer and its subsidiaries, which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the 
Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for 
any issuance of Notes and its impact on the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
other documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of 
Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined herein). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in connection with the 
Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain 
in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers (as defined in 
Subscription and Sale). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the 
financial position or affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this document has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time after the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated 
in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any 
such restriction. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, 
see "Subscription and Sale." In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act"). Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not 
be offered or sold within the United States or to a U.S. Person (as such term is defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or 
otherwise) of the Issuer. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the 
Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the 
accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus (or any information incorporated herein by reference) should purchase Notes. Each 
purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus (and any information incorporated herein by reference) and its purchase of Notes should be 
based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. No representation or warranty is made or implied by 
the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates, and neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates

--- Page 4 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 2 - 
70-41031445 
 
makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers. 
For convenience, the website addresses of the Issuer and certain third parties have been provided in this 
Base Prospectus. Except as expressly set forth in this Base Prospectus, no information in such websites 
should be deemed to be incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus and neither the Issuer nor 
the Dealers take responsibility for the information contained in such websites. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed U.S.$110,000,000,000 and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall 
be translated into United States dollars at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale")). The 
maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are 
to United States dollars, references to "£", "GBP" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency for the time 
being of the United Kingdom and references to "€", "EUR" or "Euro" are to the currency introduced at the 
start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union, as amended, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 
3 May 1998 on the introduction of the Euro, as amended. 
Information relating to alternative performance measures ("APMs") for the purposes of the guidelines 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority is set out in Appendix 1 to this Base 
Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should carefully review the information set out in the relevant Final Terms regarding 
the use of the net proceeds and must determine independently if these meet investment criteria and 
expectations regarding social impact and housing, inclusion and sustainability performance. No assurance 
or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or 
certification of any third party. For more information, please see the risk factor entitled "There can be no 
assurance that any Eligible Green Assets, Affordable Housing Assets or Social Finance Assets (each as 
defined in the relevant Final Terms)) will meet investor criteria and expectations regarding social impact 
and housing, inclusion and sustainability performance" below. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may 
apply, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") will be made 
pursuant to an exemption under the EU Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus 
for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of 
Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final 
Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to 
the competent authority in that Member State and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by Final 
Terms which specifies that offers may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation in that Member State, and such offer is made in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified for such purpose in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of such offer. Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, 
neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer. This Base Prospectus, together with any prospectus supplement, is a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 3 - 
70-41031445 
 
The expression "Transparency Directive" means Directive 2004/109/EC, as amended, on the 
harmonization of transparency requirements in relation to information about issuers whose securities are 
admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
EU MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled "EU MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 4 - 
70-41031445 
 
Consent to the use of this Base Prospectus - In addition, in the context of any offer of Notes that is not 
made within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (a "Public Offer"), the Issuer accepts responsibility in Luxembourg, France, Germany, The 
Netherlands, the Republic of Ireland, Spain, Italy, the Kingdom of Denmark, Belgium and Austria (each a 
"Public Offer Jurisdiction") for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
"Investor") in a Public Offer Jurisdiction to whom an offer of any Notes is made by any financial 
intermediary to whom the Issuer has given its consent to use this Base Prospectus (an "Authorised 
Offeror"), where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is given and is in compliance 
with all other conditions attached to the giving of the consent, all as mentioned in this Base Prospectus. 
However, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised 
Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other 
local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes, the Issuer consents to the use of this 
Base Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer of the relevant Notes during the Offer Period specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (the "Offer Period") either: 
(1) 
in the Relevant State(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms by any financial intermediary which 
satisfies the following conditions and any additional conditions specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
it is authorised to make such offers under the EU MiFID Directive; and 
(b) 
it publishes on its website the following statement (with the information in square brackets 
completed with the relevant information): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], are a financial intermediary authorised 
under the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended) 
to make offers of securities such as the [insert title of the relevant Notes] (the "Notes") 
described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final Terms") published by 
Citigroup Inc. (the "Issuer"). We refer to the offer of the Notes in [insert relevant Public 
Offer Jurisdiction(s)] during the Offer Period specified in the Final Terms (the "Public 
Offer"). In consideration for the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base 
Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the Public Offer on the 
Authorised Offeror Terms specified in the Base Prospectus and subject to the conditions 
to such consent, we hereby accept such offer. Accordingly, we are using the Base 
Prospectus in connection with the Public Offer in accordance with the consent of the Issuer 
on the Authorised Offeror Terms and subject to the conditions of such consent." 
The "Authorised Offeror Terms" are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
1. 
represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer that it will, at all times in 
connection with the relevant Public Offer: 
(a) 
act in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any 
applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules"); 
(b) 
comply with the restrictions set out under Subscription and Sale in this Base 
Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Dealer; 
(c) 
comply with the target market and distribution channels identified under the "EU 
MiFID II product governance" legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(d) 
ensure that any fee (and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or 
paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes does 
not violate the Rules and is fully and clearly disclosed to investors or potential 
investors; 
(e) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules;

--- Page 7 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 5 - 
70-41031445 
 
(f) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, prevention of 
corruption and "know your client" Rules, and will not permit any application for 
Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to 
the source of the application monies; 
(g) 
retain investor identification records for at least the minimum period required 
under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to 
the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over either 
Issuer in order to enable the Issuer to comply with anti-money laundering, 
anti-bribery and "know your client" Rules applying to the Issuer; 
(h) 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer to breach any Rule 
or subject the Issuer to any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation 
or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(i) 
comply with any further requirements relevant to the Public Offer as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
(j) 
not convey or publish any information that is not contained in or entirely 
consistent with this Base Prospectus as supplemented by the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(k) 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base Prospectus or 
any other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the 
Issuer for the purposes of the relevant Public Offer) in connection with the 
relevant Public Offer, it will ensure that such communication (a) is fair, clear and 
not misleading and complies with the Rules, (b) states that such financial 
intermediary has provided such communication independently of the Issuer, that 
such financial intermediary is solely responsible for such communication and that 
the Issuer does not accept any responsibility for such communication and (c) does 
not, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, use the legal or publicity 
names of the Issuer or any other name, brand or logo registered by an entity within 
the Citigroup group of companies, except to describe the Issuer as issuer of the 
relevant Notes; and 
2. 
undertakes to indemnify the Issuer (in each case on behalf of such entity and its directors, 
officers, employees, agents, affiliates and controlling persons) against any losses, 
liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions or demands which any of them may 
incur or which may be made against any of them arising out of or in relation to, or in 
connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing representations, warranties or 
undertakings by such financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any 
unauthorised action by such financial intermediary or failure by such financial 
intermediary to observe any of the above restrictions or requirements; and 
3. 
agrees and accepts that: 
(a) 
the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon 
acceptance by the financial intermediary of the Issuer's offer to use the Base 
Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Public Offer (the 
"Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, English law; and 
(b) 
the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract 
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) and accordingly submits to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
Or,

--- Page 8 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 6 - 
70-41031445 
 
(2) 
by the financial intermediaries specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the Relevant State(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and subject to the relevant conditions specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, for so long as they are authorised to make such offers under the EU MIFID Directive. 
The Issuer may give consent to additional financial intermediaries after the date of the relevant 
Final Terms and, if it does so, the Issuer will publish the above information in relation to them on 
its website. 
The consent referred to above relates to Public Offers occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Any Authorised Offeror who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Public Offer as 
set out in (1) above is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website 
that it is using this Base Prospectus for such Public Offer in accordance with the consent of the Issuer 
and the conditions attached thereto. 
To the extent specified in the relevant Final Terms, an offer may be made during the relevant Offer Period 
by any of the Issuer or any relevant Authorised Offeror in any Relevant State and subject to any relevant 
conditions, in each case all as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Public Offer of any Notes by 
any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use this Base Prospectus in connection 
with its offer of any Notes unless (1) the offer is made by an Authorised Offeror as described above or (2) 
the offer is otherwise made in circumstances falling within an exemption from the requirement to publish 
a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation. Any such unauthorised offers are not made by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, any Dealer or any Authorised Offeror and none of the Issuer, any Dealer or any 
Authorised Offeror has any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such offers. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and 
offers and sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance 
with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor 
including as to price, allocation, settlement arrangements and any expenses or taxes to be charged to 
the Investor (the "Terms and Conditions of the Public Offer"). The Issuer will not be a party to any 
such arrangements with Investors (other than Dealers) in connection with the offer or sale of the 
Notes and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such information. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Public Offer shall be provided to Investors by that Authorised 
Offeror at the relevant time. None of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or other Authorised Offerors has 
any responsibility or liability for such information. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION - Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be 
calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate 
does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided 
by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmark Regulation is a matter of 
public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES, THE DEALER OR 
DEALERS (IF ANY) ACTING AS THE STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING 
ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISING MANAGER(S)) MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT 
TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES 
AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, 
STABILISATION MAY NOT OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR 
AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE FINAL TERMS 
OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY 
CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS 
AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER 
THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES. ANY 
STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE 
RELEVANT STABILISING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSON(S) ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY

--- Page 9 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 7 - 
70-41031445 
 
STABILISING MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND 
RULES.

--- Page 10 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 8 - 
70-41031445 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements in this Base Prospectus and in other information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the rules and regulations of the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission. Generally, forward-looking statements are not based on historical 
facts, but instead represent the Issuer's and its management's beliefs regarding future events. Such 
statements may be identified by words such as believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, may increase, 
may fluctuate, target, illustrative, and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as will, should, 
would and could. 
Such statements are based on management's current expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and 
changes in circumstances. Actual results and capital and other financial conditions may differ materially 
from those included in these statements due to a variety of factors, including without limitation, (i) the 
precautionary statements included in this Base Prospectus and (ii) the factors listed and described under 
"Forward-Looking Statements" in the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports 
on Form 10-Q filed after the date hereof and the factors listed and described under "Risk Factors" in 
Citigroup's 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. See "Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
Precautionary statements included in such filings should be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Issuer speak only as to the date they are made, 
and the Issuer does not undertake to update forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of 
circumstances or events that arise after the forward-looking statements were made. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The Programme is a U.S.$110,000,000,000 Euro Medium-Term Note Programme under which the Issuer 
may, from time to time, issue Notes including, without limitation, Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, 
Zero Coupon Notes and other Notes subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the 
Dealers prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Final Terms of the Notes endorsed on, or 
attached to, the Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 9 - 
70-41031445 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Set forth below are risk factors that 
the Issuer believes are the principal risks involved in an investment in Notes that will be generally 
applicable to most Series of Notes. If any of the following risks actually occurs, the trading price and/or 
value at maturity of the Notes of the Issuer could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
Risks Relating to Citigroup  
For a discussion of certain significant risks and uncertainties that could impact the Issuer's businesses, 
results of operations and financial condition (including market-related, strategic, operational, credit, 
liquidity, compliance and other risks), see "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of the Issuer's 2021 Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the "2021 Report") (pages 45-61) as set out 
below, which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus as set out in the "Documents 
incorporated by reference" section (except as amended by the below), or the corresponding section of any 
future Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Issuer after the date 
hereof, which are automatically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Description of risk factors, trends and events affecting Citigroup of the 2021 Report: 
(a) 
the market-related risks 
Set out on numbered pages 45 to 46 of the 
2021 Report. 
(b) 
the strategic risks 
Set out on numbered pages 46 to 51 of the 
2021 Report. 
(c) 
the operational risks 
Set out on numbered pages 51 to 53 of the 
2021 Report. 
(d) 
the credit risks 
Set out on numbered page 45 of the 2021 
Report. 
(e) 
the liquidity risks 
Set out on numbered pages 54 to 55 of the 
2021 Report. 
(f) 
the compliance risks 
Set out on numbered pages 55 to 57 of the 
2021 Report. 
(g) 
the other risks 
Set out on numbered pages 57 to 59 of the 
2021 Report. 
The risk factor entitled "Citi's Ability to Return Capital to Common Shareholders Consistent with Its 
Capital Planning Efforts and Targets Substantially Depends on Regulatory Capital Requirements, 
Including the Results of the CCAR Process and Regulatory Stress Tests" in the Issuer's 2021 Annual Report 
on Form 10-K shall be deleted and replaced with the following three risk factors: 
Macroeconomic, Geopolitical and Other Challenges and Uncertainties Globally Could Have a Negative 
Impact on Citi’s Businesses and Results of Operations. 
In addition to the significant macroeconomic challenges posed by the pandemic (see the pandemic-related 
risk factor below), the Issuer has experienced, and could experience in the future, negative impacts to its 
businesses and results of operations as a result of other macroeconomic, geopolitical and other challenges, 
uncertainties and volatility. For example, the recent action of Russian military forces and support personnel 
in Ukraine has escalated tensions between Russia and the U.S., NATO, the EU and the UK. The U.S. has 
imposed, and is likely to impose material additional, financial and economic sanctions and export controls 
against certain Russian organizations and/or individuals, with similar actions either implemented or planned 
by the EU and the UK and other jurisdictions. The packages of financial and economic sanctions imposed 
by the U.S., the UK and the European Union in various ways, constrain transactions with numerous Russian 
entities and individuals; transactions in Russian sovereign debt; and investment, trade, and financing to, 
from, or in certain regions of Ukraine. The Issuer’s ability to engage in activity with certain consumer and 
institutional businesses in Russia and Ukraine or involving certain Russian or Ukrainian businesses and 
customers is dependent in part upon whether such engagement is restricted under any current or expected

--- Page 12 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 10 - 
70-41031445 
 
U.S., EU and other countries or UK sanctions and laws. Sanctions and export controls, as well as any actions 
by Russia, could adversely affect the Issuer’s business activities and customers in and from Russia and 
Ukraine. Moreover, actions by Russia, and any further measures taken by the U.S. or its allies, could have 
negative impacts on regional and global financial markets and economic conditions, including without 
limitation global energy markets. The extent of the impact on the Issuer will continue to depend significant 
on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted.  Additionally, governmental fiscal 
and monetary actions, or expected actions, such as changes in interest rate policies and any program 
implemented by a central bank to change the size of its balance sheet, could significantly impact interest 
rates, economic growth rates, the volatility of global financial markets, foreign exchange rates and global 
capital flows. Further, it remains uncertain to what extent central banks may keep interest rates low or 
whether central banks might raise interest rates or reduce the size of their balance sheets, particularly as 
inflationary pressures continue and the U.S. and global economies continue to improve. While earlier in 
the pandemic the Federal Reserve Board ("FRB") and other central banks took actions to support the global 
economy, including by further reducing their benchmark interest rates, mismatches between supply and 
demand of goods and services contributed to a rise in inflation in 2021, prompting the FRB to announce 
the approaching end of the period of extraordinarily low interest rates.  
Interest rates on loans the Issuer makes are typically based off or set at a spread over a benchmark interest 
rate, and would likely decline or rise as benchmark rates decline or rise, respectively. While the interest 
rates at which the Issuer pays depositors are already low and unlikely to decline much further, declining or 
continued low interest rates for loans could further compress the Issuer’s net interest income. The Issuer’s 
net interest income could also be adversely affected due to a flattening of the interest rate yield curve (for 
example, a lower spread between shorter-term versus longer-term interest rates), as the Issuer, similar to 
other banks, typically pays interest on deposits based on shorter-term interest rates and earns money on 
loans based on longer-term interest rates. 
In contrast, an abrupt and sustained increase in interest rates could interfere with the global macroeconomic 
recovery, whether due to continued or increased inflationary pressures or otherwise. And while the Issuer 
estimates its overall net interest income would generally increase due to higher interest rates, higher rates 
could adversely affect the Issuer’s funding costs, levels of deposits in its consumer and institutional 
businesses and certain business or product revenues. 
Additional areas of uncertainty include, among others, an elevated level of inflation resulting in adverse 
spill-over effects; the ability of Congress to raise the federal debt ceiling; slowing of the Chinese economy, 
including negative economic impacts associated with such slowdown or any policy actions; significant 
disruptions and volatility in financial markets; other geopolitical tensions and conflicts; protracted or 
widespread trade tensions; financial market, other economic and political disruption driven by anti-
establishment movements; natural disasters; other pandemics; and election outcomes. For example, the 
Issuer’s market-making businesses can suffer losses resulting from the widening of credit spreads due to 
unanticipated changes in financial markets. In addition, adverse developments or downturns in one or more 
of the world’s larger economies would likely have a significant impact on the global economy or the 
economies of other countries because of global financial and economic linkages. 
These and additional global macroeconomic, geopolitical and other challenges, uncertainties and volatilities 
have negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact, the Issuer’s businesses, results of 
operations and financial condition, including its credit costs, revenues across Institutional Clients Group 
(ICG) and Global Consumer Banking (GCB) business segments as well as accumulated other 
comprehensive income (which would in turn negatively impact the Issuer’s book and tangible book value). 
Rapidly Evolving Challenges and Uncertainties Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic in the U.S. and 
Globally Will Likely Continue to Have Negative Impacts on the Issuer’s Businesses and Results of 
Operations and Financial Condition. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has affected all of the countries and jurisdictions in which the Issuer operates, 
including severely impacting global health, financial markets, consumer and business spending and 
economic conditions. The extent of the future pandemic impacts remain uncertain and will likely evolve by 
region, country or state, largely depending on the duration and severity of the public health consequences, 
including the duration and further spread of the coronavirus as well as any variants becoming more 
prevalent and impactful; further production, distribution, acceptance and effectiveness of vaccines; 
availability and efficiency of testing; the public response; and government actions. The future impacts to 
global economic conditions may include, among others:

--- Page 13 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 11 - 
70-41031445 
 
• 
further disruption of global supply chains;  
• 
higher inflation; 
• 
higher interest rates; 
• 
significant disruption and volatility in financial markets;  
• 
additional closures, reduced activity and failures of many businesses, leading to loss of revenues 
and net losses; 
• 
further institution of social distancing and restrictions on businesses and the movement of the 
public in and among the U.S. and other countries; and 
• 
reduced U.S. and global economic output. 
The pandemic has had, and may continue to have, negative impacts on the Issuer's businesses and overall 
results of operations and financial condition, which could be material. The extent of the impact on the 
Issuer's operations and financial performance, including its ability to execute its business strategies and 
initiatives, will continue to depend significantly on future developments in the U.S. and globally. Such 
developments are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the course of the coronavirus, as well as any 
weakness or slowing in the economic recovery or a further economic downturn, whether due to further 
supply chain disruptions, inflation trends, higher interest rates or otherwise. 
The pandemic may not be sufficiently contained for an extended period of time. A prolonged health crisis 
could reduce economic activity in the U.S. and other countries, resulting in additional declines or weakness 
in employment trends and business and consumer confidence. These factors could negatively impact global 
economic activity and markets; cause a continued decline in the demand for the Issuer's products and 
services and in its revenues; further increase the Issuer's credit and other costs; and may result in impairment 
of long-lived assets or goodwill. These factors could also cause an increase in the Issuer's balance sheet, 
risk-weighted assets and allowance for credit loss ("ACL"), resulting in a decline in regulatory capital ratios 
or liquidity measures, as well as regulatory demands for higher capital levels and/or limitations or 
reductions in capital distributions (such as common share repurchases and dividends). Moreover, any 
disruption or failure of the Issuer's performance of, or its ability to perform, key business functions, as a 
result of the continued spread of COVID-19 or otherwise, could adversely affect the Issuer's operations. 
The impact of the pandemic on the Issuer's consumer and corporate borrowers will vary by sector or 
industry, with some borrowers experiencing greater stress levels, particularly as credit and customer 
assistance support further winds down, which could lead to increased pressure on their results of operations 
and financial condition, increased borrowings or credit ratings downgrades, thus likely leading to higher 
credit costs for the Issuer. These borrowers include, among others, businesses that are more directly 
impacted by the institution of social distancing, the movement of the public and store closures. In addition, 
stress levels ultimately experienced by the Issuer's borrowers may be different from and more intense than 
assumptions made in prior estimates or models used by the Issuer, resulting in an increase in the Issuer's 
ACL or net credit losses, particularly as the benefits of fiscal stimulus and government support programs 
diminish. 
Ongoing legislative and regulatory changes in the U.S. and globally to address the economic impact from 
the pandemic could further affect the Issuer's businesses, operations and financial performance. The Issuer 
could also face challenges, including legal and reputational, and scrutiny in its efforts to provide relief 
measures. Such efforts have resulted in, and may continue to result in, litigation, including class actions, 
and regulatory and government actions and proceedings. Such actions may result in judgments, settlements, 
penalties and fines adverse to the Issuer. In addition, the different types of government actions could vary 
in scale and duration across jurisdictions and regions with varying degrees of effectiveness. 
The Issuer has taken measures to maintain the health and safety of its colleagues; however, these measures 
could result in additional expenses, and illness of employees could negatively affect staffing for a period 
of time. In addition, the Issuer's ability to recruit, hire and onboard colleagues in key areas could be 
negatively impacted by pandemic restrictions as well as the Issuer's COVID-19 vaccination requirement.

--- Page 14 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 12 - 
70-41031445 
 
Further, it is unclear how the macroeconomic or business environment or societal norms may be impacted 
after the pandemic. The post-pandemic environment may undergo unexpected developments or changes in 
financial markets, fiscal, monetary, tax and regulatory environments and consumer customer and corporate 
client behaviour. These developments and changes could have an adverse impact on the Issuer's results of 
operations and financial condition. Ongoing business and regulatory uncertainties and changes may make 
the Issuer's longer-term business, balance sheet and strategic and budget planning more difficult or costly. 
The Issuer and its management and businesses may also experience increased or different competitive and 
other challenges in this environment. To the extent that it is not able to adapt or compete effectively, the 
Issuer could experience loss of business and its results of operations and financial condition could suffer. 
The ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes is dependent on the earnings of the 
Issuer's subsidiaries. 
The Issuer is a holding company that does not engage in any material amount of business activities that 
generate revenues. The Issuer services its obligations primarily with dividends and advances from its 
subsidiaries. For example, certain of the Issuer's subsidiaries have co-branding and private label 
relationships through Citi-branded cards and Citi retail services credit card businesses with various retailers 
and merchants globally. The five largest of these relationships constituted an aggregate of approximately 
9% of the Issuer's revenues for 2021. These relationships could be negatively impacted by, among other 
things, the general economic environment; changes in consumer sentiment, spending patterns and credit 
card usage behaviours; a decline in sales and revenues, partner store closures, government imposed 
restrictions, reduced air and business travel, or other operational difficulties of the retailer or merchant; 
early termination due to a contractual breach or exercise of other early termination right; or other factors, 
including bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings, consolidations or other similar events, whether due to 
the ongoing impact of the pandemic or otherwise, that would restrict the ability of the subsidiaries of the 
Issuer to pay dividends. 
Similarly, the presence of certain of the Issuer's subsidiaries in emerging markets subjects them to a number 
of risks, including sovereign volatility, foreign exchange controls and sanctions, and also increases their 
compliance and regulatory risks and costs, potentially impacting the dividends they are able to pay. 
The Issuer's subsidiaries may also be subject to credit agreements that also may restrict their ability to pay 
dividends. Several of the Issuer's U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries are or may be subject to capital adequacy 
or other liquidity, regulatory or contractual restrictions on their ability to provide such payments, including 
any local regulatory stress test requirements. Moreover, the broker-dealer and bank subsidiaries of the 
Issuer are subject to restrictions on their ability to lend or transact with affiliates, as well as restrictions on 
their ability to use funds deposited with them in brokerage or bank accounts to fund their businesses. If 
such subsidiaries do not realise sufficient earnings to satisfy applicable regulatory requirements, or if such 
requirements are changed to further restrict the ability of such subsidiaries to pay dividends to the Issuer, 
the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it may be adversely affected. The 
Issuer's subsidiaries that operate in the securities businesses are also exposed to concentrations of risk, 
particularly credit and market risk, as they routinely execute a high volume of securities, trading, derivative 
and foreign exchange transactions with non-U.S. sovereigns and with counterparties in the financial 
services industry. As regulatory or market developments continue to lead to increased centralization of 
trading activities, these subsidiaries could also experience an increase in concentration of risk to these 
industries. These concentrations of risk could limit the effectiveness of any hedging strategies and cause 
the subsidiaries to incur significant losses, impacting their ability to pay dividends. 
Further, such dividends may be affected by macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges, uncertainties and 
volatilities. For example, governmental fiscal and monetary actions, or expected actions, such as changes 
in interest rate policies and any program implemented by a central bank to change the size of its balance 
sheet, could significantly impact interest rates, economic growth rates, the volatility of global financial 
markets, foreign exchange rates and global capital flows. Moreover, adverse developments or downturns 
in one or more of the world's larger economies would likely have a significant impact on the global economy 
or the economies of other countries because of global financial and economic linkages. These and other 
global macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges have negatively impacted, and could continue to 
negatively impact, the businesses of the Issuer's subsidiaries and may impact the flow of dividends received 
from such subsidiaries by the Issuer.

--- Page 15 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 13 - 
70-41031445 
 
The Issuer may not be able to maintain adequate liquidity or funding which may result in a negative 
impact on the market value of the Notes or the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
As a large, global financial institution, adequate liquidity and sources of funding are essential to the Issuer's 
businesses. The Issuer's liquidity and sources of funding can be significantly and negatively impacted by 
factors it cannot control, such as general disruptions in the financial markets, governmental fiscal and 
monetary policies, regulatory changes or negative investor perceptions of the Issuer's creditworthiness, 
unexpected increases in cash or collateral requirements and the inability to monetize available liquidity 
resources, whether due to the pandemic or otherwise. The Issuer competes with other banks and financial 
institutions for both institutional and consumer deposits, which represent the Issuer's most stable and lowest 
cost source of long-term funding. The competition for deposits has continued to increase in recent years, 
including, among others, as a result of online banks and digital banking. Furthermore, although the Issuer  
has had robust deposit growth since the onset of the pandemic, it remains unclear how "sticky" (likely to 
remain at the Issuer) those deposits may be, particularly in a less monetarily accommodative environment. 
Moreover, the Issuer's costs to obtain and access secured funding and long-term unsecured funding are 
directly related to its credit spreads and changes in interest and currency exchange rates. Changes in credit 
spreads are driven by both external market factors and factors specific to the Issuer, such as negative views 
by investors of the financial services industry or the Issuer's financial prospects, and can be highly volatile.  
The Issuer's ability to obtain funding may be impaired and its cost of funding could increase if other market 
participants are seeking to access the markets at the same time, or if market appetite declines, as is likely 
to occur in a liquidity stress event or other market crisis. A sudden drop in market liquidity could also cause 
a temporary or lengthier dislocation of underwriting and capital markets activity. In addition, clearing 
organizations, central banks, clients and financial institutions with which the Issuer interacts may exercise 
the right to require additional collateral based on their perceptions or the market conditions, which could 
further impair the Issuer's access to and cost of funding. These factors may negatively impact the market 
value of the Notes or the Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
Certain base rates described herein refer to "benchmarks," including EURIBOR, that may be 
discontinued or reformed, which may adversely affect the value of and return on floating rate Notes. 
Certain base rates, including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other rates or indices 
described herein, are deemed to be "benchmarks" and are the subject of ongoing national and international 
regulatory scrutiny and reform.  
Some of these reforms are already effective, while others are still to be implemented or formulated. For 
example, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new 
working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve 
as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts 
in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new 
Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the 
first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with 
the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current 
form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
Any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of "benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
"benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the 
discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks." 
To the extent interest payments on a floating rate Note are linked to a specific "benchmark" that is 
discontinued or is no longer quoted, the applicable base rate will be determined using the alternative 
methods described in the Conditions. Any of these alternative methods may result in interest payments that 
are different than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that would have been made 
on those Notes if the relevant "benchmark" was available in its current form.

--- Page 16 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 14 - 
70-41031445 
 
For the EURIBOR Reference Rate, a substitute or successor base rate will be used to determine the interest 
rate if EURIBOR is discontinued or is permanently no longer being published. As described in the 
Conditions, if, during the term of any series of floating rate Notes linked to EURIBOR, EURIBOR is no 
longer quoted on the Relevant Screen Page designated in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
such floating rate Notes will be determined using the alternative methods described in "Condition 7(c) —
Floating Rate Notes Provisions – Screen Rate Determination." Additionally, if during the term of any series 
of floating rate Notes linked to EURIBOR, the Issuer (or an affiliate) determines that EURIBOR has been 
discontinued or is permanently no longer being published, the Issuer (or such affiliate) will use a substitute 
or successor Reference Rate that it has determined, in its sole discretion after consulting with any source it 
deems to be reasonable, to be the industry-accepted substitute or successor Reference Rate, or, if there is 
no such industry-accepted substitute or successor Reference Rate, a substitute or successor Reference Rate 
that is most comparable to EURIBOR. The Issuer (or such affiliate) also will determine, in its sole discretion 
after consulting with any source it deems to be reasonable, any adjustments to the relevant methodology or 
definitions for calculating such substitute or successor Reference Rate, including any adjustment factor 
needed to make such substitute or successor Reference Rate comparable to EURIBOR in a manner that is 
consistent with any industry-accepted practices for such substitute or successor Reference Rate. 
The Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") is a relatively new reference rate and the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") has a limited history. As the related markets continue to develop, 
there may be an adverse effect on the return on or value of certain floating rate Notes. 
Citigroup may issue floating rate Notes linked to SOFR. In the following discussion of SOFR, when we 
refer to SOFR-linked Notes, we mean floating rate Notes at any time when the rate of interest on those 
Notes is or will be determined based on SOFR. 
The interest rate on such Notes will be based on a formula used to calculate a daily compounded SOFR rate 
or will be calculated using the SOFR Index, as applicable, both of which are relatively new in the market. 
This interest rate for SOFR-linked Notes will not be SOFR published on or in respect of a particular date 
during such Interest or Observation Period or an average of SOFR during such period. Accordingly, the 
interest rate on SOFR-linked Notes will differ from the interest rate on other investments linked to SOFR 
that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate. Also, if the SOFR rate for a particular 
day during an Observation or Interest Period is negative, the amount of interest attributable to that day may 
be less than zero; provided that in no event will the interest payable on a SOFR-linked Note for any Interest 
Period be less than zero. 
The Issuer may also issue floating rate notes linked to SONIA. Investors should be aware that the market 
continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an 
alternative to Sterling LIBOR. The continued development of Compounded Daily SONIA, including the 
substance of the calculation, as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued 
development of SONIA-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of such 
floating rate Notes. 
Limited market precedent exists for securities that use SOFR and SONIA as the interest rate, and the method 
for calculating an interest rate based upon SOFR and SONIA in those precedents varies. Accordingly, the 
specific formula for Compounded SOFR or the SOFR Index and SONIA or the SONIA Index used for 
determining the interest due on SOFR- and SONIA- linked Notes may not be widely adopted by other 
market participants, if at all. If the market adopts a calculation method that differs from that for such SOFR- 
and SONIA- linked Notes, the return on, value of and market for such floating rate Notes could be adversely 
affected.  
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect holders of the SOFR-linked Notes.  
SOFR may fail to gain market acceptance. SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives 
and other financial contracts as an alternative to the London interbank offered rate for U.S. dollar 
obligations ("U.S. Dollar LIBOR") in part because it is considered to be a good representation of general 
funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. However, as a rate based on transactions 
secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less 
likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market 
participants would not consider SOFR to be a suitable substitute or successor for all of the purposes for 
which U.S. Dollar LIBOR historically has been used (including, without limitation, as a representation of

--- Page 17 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 15 - 
70-41031445 
 
the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen its market acceptance. Any 
failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for the 
SOFR-linked Notes. 
Any market for floating rate Notes linked to SONIA or SOFR may be illiquid or unpredictable  
Floating rate Notes linked to SONIA or SOFR will likely have no established trading market when issued, 
and an established trading market for the SONIA- or SOFR-linked Notes may never develop or may not be 
very liquid. Market terms for Notes that are linked to SONIA or SOFR may evolve over time, and as a 
result, trading prices of the SONIA- or SOFR-linked Notes may be lower than those of later-issued 
securities that are linked to SONIA or SOFR. Similarly, if SONIA or SOFR does not prove to be widely 
used in securities that are similar or comparable to the SONIA- or SOFR-linked Notes, the trading price of 
the SONIA- or SOFR-linked Notes may be lower than those of securities that are linked to rates that are 
more widely used. You may not be able to sell your SONIA- or SOFR-linked Notes at all or may not be 
able to sell the SONIA- or SOFR-linked Notes at prices that will provide you with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and consequently, you may suffer from 
increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
The manner of adoption or application of reference rates based on SONIA or SOFR in the bond market 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other markets, 
such as the derivatives and loan markets. You should carefully consider how any potential inconsistencies 
between the adoption of reference rates based on SONIA or SOFR across these markets may impact any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which you may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of the SONIA- or SOFR-linked Notes.  
You should not rely on indicative or historical data concerning the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York ("NY Federal Reserve") started publishing SOFR in April 2018 
and has also started publishing historical indicative SOFR dating back to 2014, although such historical 
indicative data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Noteholders should not rely 
on such historical indicative data or on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the 
future performance of SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on 
occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates, and SOFR over 
time may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative data. In addition, the return 
on and value of the SOFR-linked Notes may fluctuate more than floating rate Notes that are linked to less 
volatile rates. 
Changes in SONIA and SOFR could adversely affect holders of SONIA- or SOFR-linked Notes 
Because SONIA is published by the Bank of England and SOFR is published by the NY Federal Reserve 
based on data received from other sources, the Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or 
publication. There can be no assurance that SONIA or SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally 
altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in the SONIA- or SOFR-linked 
Notes. If the manner in which SONIA or SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a 
reduction in the amount of interest that accrues on the SONIA- or SOFR-linked Notes, which may adversely 
affect the trading prices of the SONIA- or SOFR-linked Notes. In addition, the interest rate on the SOFR-
linked Notes for any day will not be adjusted for any modification or amendment to SOFR for that day that 
NY Federal Reserve may publish if the interest rate for that day has already been determined prior to such 
publication. Further, if the interest rate on the SONIA- or SOFR-linked Notes for any Interest Period 
declines to zero or becomes negative, no interest will accrue on the SONIA- or SOFR-linked Notes with 
respect to that Interest Period. 
With respect to SOFR Index Notes, implementation of use of the SOFR Index or increased regulatory 
scrutiny of such SOFR Index could increase the costs and risks of administering such SOFR Index and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. These factors may have the effect of discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer the SOFR Index, trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the SOFR Index or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of the SOFR Index.

--- Page 18 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 16 - 
70-41031445 
 
The total amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period for SONIA- or SOFR-linked 
Notes will not be known until near the end of the Interest Period.  
The total amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period for a SONIA- or SOFR-linked 
Note will not be known until near the end of such Interest Period. As a result you will not know the total 
amount of interest payable with respect to each such Interest Period until shortly prior to the related interest 
payment date and it may be difficult for Noteholders to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be 
payable on each such interest payment date. 
Any Benchmark Replacement may not be the economic equivalent of Compounded SOFR or SONIA 
Under the benchmark transition provisions of the SOFR-linked notes, if the Issuer (or its affiliate) 
determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to SOFR, then the interest rate on the SOFR-linked notes will be determined using the next 
available Benchmark Replacement (which may include a related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment). 
Under the benchmark transition provisions of the SONIA-linked Notes the interest rate on SONIA linked 
Notes may be determined by reference to the Bank of England's Bank Rate if SONIA ceases to be available.   
However, there is no assurance that the characteristics of the Benchmark Replacement will be similar to 
SOFR, SONIA or the then-current Benchmark that it is replacing and the Benchmark Replacement may not 
be the economic equivalent of Compounded SOFR, SONIA or the then-current Benchmark that it is 
replacing. Further, the ISDA Fallback Rate, which is another Benchmark Replacement, may change over 
time. 
In addition, (i) any failure of the Benchmark Replacement to gain market acceptance could adversely affect 
the floating rate Notes, (ii) the Benchmark Replacement may have a very limited history and the future 
performance of the Benchmark Replacement may not be predicted based on historical performance, (iii) 
the secondary trading market for floating rate Notes based on the Benchmark Replacement may be limited 
and (iv) the administrator of the Benchmark Replacement may make changes that could change the value 
of the Benchmark Replacement or discontinue the Benchmark Replacement and has no obligation to 
consider your interests in doing so. 
The implementation of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes could adversely affect holders of 
SOFR-linked notes. 
Under the benchmark transition provisions of the SOFR-linked floating rate Notes, if a particular 
Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment cannot be determined, then the next-
available Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment will apply. These replacement 
rates and adjustments may be selected or formulated by (i) the Relevant Governmental Body (such as the 
Alternative Reference Rates Committee of the NY Federal Reserve), (ii) the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., or (iii) in certain circumstances, the Issuer (or one of its affiliates). In 
addition, the Benchmark Transition Provisions also expressly authorise the Issuer (or such affiliate) to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to, among other things, the determination of 
Interest Periods, Observation Periods and Reset Dates, and the timing and frequency of determining rates 
and making payments of interest. The application of a Benchmark Replacement and Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, and any implementation of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
could result in adverse consequences to the amount of interest payable on floating rate Notes, which could 
adversely affect the return on, value of and market for such floating rate Notes. 
The Issuer or its affiliate will make determinations with respect to SONIA and SOFR linked Notes that 
may be adverse to your interests and could affect the value of and return on the Notes. 
The Issuer or its affiliate will make certain determinations, decisions and elections with respect to the 
interest rate on SONIA- and SOFR-linked Notes as further described in Condition 7 below. The Issuer or 
its affiliate will make any such determination, decision or election in its sole discretion, and any such 
determination, decision or election that is made could affect the amount of interest payable on SONIA- or 
SOFR-linked Notes. For example, if the Issuer or its affiliate determines that a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to floating rate Notes linked to 
SOFR, then the Issuer or its affiliate will determine, among other things, the Benchmark Replacement, 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any exercise of 
discretion by the Issuer or one of its affiliates, under the terms of the SONIA- or SOFR-linked Notes could

--- Page 19 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 17 - 
70-41031445 
 
present a conflict of interest. The interests of the Issuer or its affiliate in making these determinations 
described above may be adverse to your interests as a holder of such floating rate Notes. All determinations, 
decisions or elections by the Issuer or its affiliate, including those made by an affiliate acting as calculation 
agent, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. 
Each of SOFR and SONIA differs from LIBOR in a number of material respects and neither is expected 
to be a comparable substitute for LIBOR 
In June 2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee convened by the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System and the NY Federal Reserve announced SOFR as its recommended alternative to 
U.S. Dollar LIBOR and the Bank of England announced SONIA as its recommended alternative to Sterling 
LIBOR in April 2017. However, because SOFR is a broad U.S. Treasury repo financing rate that represents 
overnight secured funding transactions, it differs fundamentally from U.S. Dollar LIBOR. For example, 
SOFR is a secured overnight rate, while U.S. Dollar LIBOR is an unsecured rate that represents interbank 
trading over different maturities. In addition, because SOFR is a transaction-based rate, it is backward-
looking, whereas U.S. Dollar LIBOR is forward-looking. Similarly, SONIA differs from Sterling LIBOR 
in a number of material respects, including that SONIA is a backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free 
overnight rate, whereas Sterling LIBOR was expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes 
a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. Because of these and other differences, there can be no 
assurance that SOFR and SONIA will perform in the same way as LIBOR would have done at any time. 
The Notes may be fully subordinated to senior obligations in certain circumstances. 
The Notes may be fully subordinated to senior obligations in the event of a receivership, insolvency, 
liquidation or similar proceeding with respect to the Issuer, including to interests held by the U.S. 
government. Such proceedings may include a proceeding under the "orderly liquidation authority" ("OLA") 
provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 ("Dodd-Frank"). 
OLA provides that "[un]secured claims of the United States shall, at a minimum, have a higher priority than 
liabilities of the covered financial company that count as regulatory capital." Under the FDIC's stated 
preferred "single point of entry" strategy for such resolution, Citigroup would be placed in receivership; the 
unsecured long term debt and shareholders of Citigroup, including the holders of the notes, would bear any 
losses; and the operating subsidiaries would be recapitalized. In addition, OLA provides that no taxpayer 
funds shall be used to prevent the liquidation of any financial company and that the taxpayers shall bear no 
losses from a receivership under OLA. 
A reduction of the Issuer's ratings may reduce the market value and liquidity of the Notes, and the credit 
rating assigned to a series of notes may differ from those assigned to the Issuer. 
The value of the Notes is expected to be affected, in part, by investors' general appraisal of the Issuer's 
and/or its affiliates' creditworthiness. Such perceptions are generally influenced by the ratings accorded to 
the outstanding securities of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates by standard statistical rating services, such 
as Moody's, S&P and Fitch. A reduction in the rating, if any, accorded to outstanding debt securities (if 
any) of the Issuer and/or the securities issued by any of its affiliates by one of these rating agencies could 
result in a reduction in the trading value of the Notes. 
Each rating agency may reduce, suspend or withdraw any such credit ratings of the Issuer at any time in 
the future if, in its judgment, circumstances warrant a change. No rating agency is obligated to maintain its 
ratings at their current levels. If a rating agency reduces, suspends or withdraws its rating of the Issuer 
and/or any affiliate thereof, the liquidity and market value of the Notes of the Issuer are likely to be 
adversely affected. 
Additionally, Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, 
its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Issuer. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for 
in relation to relevant Series of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and/or 
(2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted 
under the CRA Regulation from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit

--- Page 20 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 18 - 
70-41031445 
 
rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (such registration not having 
been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances while 
the registration application is pending. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Early repayment of Notes may expose an investor to reinvestment risk. 
Pursuant to Condition 9(b), the Issuer has the right to redeem a Series of Notes prior to its Maturity Date in 
the event of certain changes in U.S. tax laws. In addition, the Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes 
may provide that the Issuer has the unilateral right to redeem a Series of Notes prior to its Maturity Date at 
any time or on specified dates pursuant to Condition 9(c) or Condition 9(e). In either event, upon an 
investor's receipt of the redemption proceeds for its Notes, the investor may not be able to reinvest those 
proceeds in an investment with a comparable yield to the Notes or in an investment of similar or better 
credit quality. 
A secondary market for a Series of Notes may not develop or may not exist throughout the term of any 
Series of Notes. 
Series of Notes will generally have no established trading market when issued and one may never develop. 
If a market does develop, it may be of limited duration or it may not provide sufficient liquidity for investors 
to be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed trading market. 
Changes in exchange rates could reduce the market value of the Notes and the value of payments on the 
Notes to an investor. 
An investment in Notes denominated in a Specified Currency that is not the currency of the investor's 
jurisdiction (the "investor's currency") entails risks that are not present in a similar investment in a debt 
security denominated in the investor's currency. These risks include: 
• 
the possibility of significant market changes in rates of exchange between the investor's currency 
and the Specified Currency; and 
• 
the possibility of significant changes in rates of exchange between the investor's currency and the 
Specified Currency resulting from official redenomination or revaluation of the Specified Currency 
or the investor's currency. 
These risks depend on factors over which the Issuer has no control and which may not be readily 
foreseeable, such as economic events (both national and global), political events and the supply of, and 
demand for, the relevant currencies. 
The rates of exchange between currencies in which Notes may be denominated have historically been 
volatile, and this volatility may be expected in the future. Past fluctuations in particular rates of exchange 
are not necessarily indicative of future fluctuations that may occur during the term of any Note. 
Depreciation of the Specified Currency for a particular Note against the investor's currency would result in 
a reduction of the effective yield of such Note below its interest rate and could result in a substantial loss 
to the investor at maturity in terms of the investor's currency. 
Changes in market interest rates may result in reduced market value of an investment in fixed rate Notes. 
If market interest rates increase after an investor has invested in Notes bearing interest at a fixed rate, the 
market value of those Notes may be adversely affected. 
The Issuer may elect to de-list the Notes if statutory requirements become impracticable or unduly 
burdensome. 
Any Notes that are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other listing 
authority, stock exchange or quotation system may be de-listed if statutory requirements become

--- Page 21 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 19 - 
70-41031445 
 
impracticable or unduly burdensome. The Issuer must comply with numerous statutory requirements, 
including but not limited to the EU Prospectus Regulation and the Transparency Directive. The 
Transparency Directive was implemented in Luxembourg by the law of 11 January 2008 on transparency 
requirements in relation to information about issuers whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, as amended, and the Grand-Ducal Regulation of 11 January 2008 relating to the transparency 
requirements for issuers of securities, as amended (together, the "Transparency Law"). The Transparency 
Law principally concerns issuers whose home Member State is Luxembourg and who have securities 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Union or the EEA. Both the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and Transparency Directive require issuers, whose securities are admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in any Relevant State, to prepare their consolidated accounts in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002 ("IFRS"); 
however, the European Commission has determined that U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
shall be deemed "equivalent" to IFRS (Commission Decision 2008/961/EC; Commission Regulation (EC) 
No. 1289/2008). If the Transparency Law (and/or any other European or national legislation) is amended 
in a form that would require the Issuer to publish or produce its financial statements according to accounting 
principles other than U.S. statutory accounting principles or that would otherwise impose requirements on 
the Issuer that it determines in good faith are impracticable or unduly burdensome, the Issuer may elect to 
de-list the Notes. The Issuer will use its reasonable efforts to obtain an alternative admission to listing, 
trading and/or quotation for the Notes by another listing authority, exchange and/or system, as it and the 
relevant Dealers may decide. If such an alternative admission is not available to the Issuer, or is, in the 
Issuer's opinion, unduly burdensome, an alternative admission may not be obtained. Notice of any de-listing 
and/or alternative admission will be given as described in Condition 18 (Notices) in the section Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict investments by some investors. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or to 
review or approval by governmental authorities. Each potential investor should consult its advisors to 
determine whether and to what extent (a) a particular Series of Notes is a legal investment for it, (b) such 
Series can be used as collateral for borrowings, pledges or repurchase transactions and (c) any other 
consequences of a proposed investment in Notes. Institutions that are subject to risk-based capital or similar 
rules should consult their advisors or regulators to determine the treatment of a particular Series of Notes 
under such rules. 
There can be no assurance that any Eligible Green Assets, Affordable Housing Assets or Social Finance 
Assets (each as defined in the relevant Final Terms)) will meet investor criteria and expectations 
regarding social impact and housing, inclusion and sustainability performance. 
The Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of any Green Bonds, 
Affordable Housing Bonds and Social Finance Bonds specifically to one or more new or existing Eligible 
Green Assets, Affordable Housing Assets and Social Finance Assets, as applicable, but no assurance can 
be given that the Issuer will be able to invest an amount equal to such net proceeds in accordance with any 
particular timing schedule or that any such Eligible Green Assets, Affordable Housing Assets or Social 
Finance Assets will have the results or outcome that the Issuer originally expected or anticipated. The Issuer 
has significant flexibility in allocating an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green Bonds, Affordable 
Housing Bonds and Social Finance Bonds and there can be no assurance that such amount will be totally 
or partially disbursed as described in "Use of Proceeds” and the relevant Final Terms. None of the dealers 
for an offering of Green Bonds, Affordable Housing Bonds or Social Finance Bonds are responsible for 
assessing or verifying whether or not the relevant Eligible Green Assets, Affordable Housing Assets and 
Social Finance Assets meet the criteria described in "Use of Proceeds,” or for the monitoring of the use of 
proceeds. Neither the terms of the Green Bonds, Affordable Housing Bonds and Social Finance Bonds nor 
the Agency Agreement require the Issuer to use the proceeds as described under "Use of Proceeds” and in 
the relevant Final Terms and any failure to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds to Eligible Green 
Assets, Affordable Housing Assets or Social Finance Assets, as applicable, provide reports or engage an 
external independent accountant as described in "Use of Proceeds” and the relevant Final Terms, will not 
constitute a breach or an event of default under the Green Bonds, Affordable Housing Bonds and Social 
Finance Bonds or the Agency Agreement and may have a material adverse effect on the market price of the 
notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose. In addition and for the avoidance of doubt, the proceeds of any Green Bonds, 
Affordable Housing Bonds and Social Finance Bonds will not be segregated by the Issuer from its capital 
and other assets and there will be no direct or contractual link between any Green Bonds, Affordable

--- Page 22 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 20 - 
70-41031445 
 
Housing Bonds and Social Finance Bonds and any Eligible Green Assets, Affordable Housing Assets and 
Social Finance Assets, as applicable. 
Prospective investors should carefully review the information set out in the relevant Final Terms regarding 
such use of the net proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in the Green Bonds, Affordable Housing Bonds and Social Finance Bonds 
together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by 
the Issuer or any dealer of the Green Bonds, Affordable Housing Bonds and Social Finance Bonds that the 
use of an amount equal to such net proceeds to fund any Eligible Green Assets, Affordable Housing Assets 
or Social Finance Assets, as applicable, will satisfy (or will continue to satisfy), whether in whole or in part, 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements, taxonomies or standards or other investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any 
present or future applicable laws or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, ratings mandates or other independent expectations, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability, social or inclusion impact of any projects or uses, the subject 
of or related to, any Eligible Green Assets, Affordable Housing Assets or Social Finance Assets, as 
applicable. Any failure of those investments or financings to satisfy investor expectations or requirements 
could have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Green Bonds, Affordable Housing Bonds 
and Social Finance Bonds, as applicable. 
There is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular project 
to be defined as "green,” "social,” "affordable housing,” "inclusive,” "sustainable” or other 
equivalently labeled project, and therefore no assurance can be provided to potential investors that the 
Eligible Green Assets, Affordable Housing Assets or Social Finance Assets will continue to meet the 
relevant eligibility criteria. 
There is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as 
to what constitutes "green,” "social,” "affordable housing,” "inclusive,” "sustainable” or an equivalently 
labeled project, or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green,” 
"social,” "affordable housing,” "inclusive,” "sustainable” or such other equivalent label, and nor can any 
assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time and if market consensus 
is developed, such consensus may differ from the Framework (as defined in the relevant Final Terms). 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any Eligible Green Assets, Affordable 
Housing Assets or Social Finance Assets funded in whole or in part by an amount equal to the net proceeds 
from the sale of any Green Bonds, Affordable Housing Bonds or Social Finance Bonds will meet any or all 
investor expectations regarding such "green,” "social,” "affordable housing,” "inclusive” "sustainable” or 
other equivalently-labeled performance objectives, that such Eligible Green Assets, Affordable Housing 
Assets or Social Finance Assets will satisfy any present or future definition of "green,” "social,” "affordable 
housing,” "inclusive,” "sustainable” or such other equivalent label required by any investment fund or 
index, or that any adverse social, environmental, inclusion and/or other impacts will not occur from such 
Eligible Green Assets, Affordable Housing Assets or Social Finance Assets. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by us) that may be made available in 
connection with the issuance of the notes and, in particular, with respect to whether any Eligible Green 
Assets, Affordable Housing Assets or Social Finance Assets fulfill any environmental, social, inclusive, 
sustainability and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not and 
shall not be deemed to be incorporated into and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any dealer, or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold the Green Bonds, Affordable Housing Bonds or Social Finance Bonds. Any such 
opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion or certification was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose 
of any investment in the Green Bonds, Affordable Housing Bonds or Social Finance Bonds. Currently, the 
providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. Any withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any additional opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying will not constitute a breach of contract or an event of default under the 
Green Bonds, Affordable Housing Bonds and Social Finance Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences 
for certain investors with mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 23 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 21 - 
70-41031445 
 
While no assurance can be provided that any such listing will occur, in the event that the Green Bonds, 
Affordable Housing Bonds or Social Finance Bonds, as applicable, are listed or admitted to trading on any 
dedicated “green,” “sustainable,” “social,” “affordable housing,” “inclusive” or other equivalently-labelled 
segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or 
assurance can be given that such listing or admission would satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements, or that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
maintained during the life of the Green Bonds, Affordable Housing Bonds or Social Finance Bonds. In the 
event that the Green Bonds, Affordable Housing Bonds or Social Finance Bonds, as applicable, are so 
listed, any change to the listing or admission status of the bonds may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of the Green Bonds, Affordable Housing Bonds or Social Finance Bonds and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose.

--- Page 24 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 22 - 
70-41031445 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Issuer (the "2021 Report") (which contains its 
published audited consolidated financial statements relating to the financial position of the Issuer 
as of 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019 and its results of operation and cash flows for each of the 
2021, 2020 and 2019 fiscal years), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
"Commission") 
(available 
at 
https://www.citigroup.com/citi/investor/data/q2104c.pdf?ieNocache=786);  
(b) 
the first quarter earnings release for the period ended 31 March 2022 of the Issuer containing 
unaudited consolidated financial information, as filed with the Commission on Form 8-K (the 
"Earnings 
Release") 
(available 
at 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/106d2bdf34a1dd4c60ab14815ce3597bbe), including a press release dated 
14 April 2022 set forth in Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 8-K (the "Press Release"), but excluding the 
text boxes on page 1 which are not electronically searchable and are not relevant to investors; 
(c) 
the following information from the quarterly report to the period ended 31 March 2022 of the 
Issuer as filed with the Commission on 10-Q (the "First Quarter Report") (available at 
https://www.citigroup.com/citi/investor/data/q2201c.pdf): 
Overview 
Page 1 of the First Quarter Report 
Management's discussion and analysis of 
financial condition and results of operations 
From (and including) page 2 to (and including) 
page 7 of the First Quarter Report, excluding the 
text boxes on page 2 which are not electronically 
searchable and are not relevant to investors 
Segment and business – income (loss) and 
revenues 
Page 8 of the First Quarter Report 
Segment balance sheet 
Page 9 of the First Quarter Report 
Institutional Clients Group 
From (and including) pages 10 to (and including) 
12 of the First Quarter Report 
Personal Banking and Wealth Management 
Pages 13 and 14 of the First Quarter Report 
Legacy Franchises 
Pages 15 and 16 of the First Quarter Report 
Corporate/Other  
Page 17 of the First Quarter Report 
Capital resources 
From (and including) page 18 to (and including) 
page 29 of the First Quarter Report 
Managing global risk table of contents 
Page 30 of the First Quarter Report 
Managing global risk 
From (and including) page 31 to (and including) 
page 70 of the First Quarter Report, excluding the 
text boxes on pages 37, 38 and 58 which are not 
electronically searchable and are not relevant to 
investors 
Significant 
accounting 
policies 
and 
significant estimates 
From (and including) page 71 to (and including) 
page 74 of the First Quarter Report 
Disclosure controls and procedures  
Page 75 of the First Quarter Report 
Disclosure pursuant to section 219 of the 
Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human 
Rights Act 
Page 75 of the First Quarter Report

--- Page 25 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 23 - 
70-41031445 
 
Forward-looking statements 
From (and including) page 76 to (and including) 
page 78 of the First Quarter Report 
Financial statements and notes 
From (and including) page 79 to (and including) 
page 188 of the First Quarter Report 
Unregistered sales of equity securities, 
repurchases of equity securities and 
dividends 
Page 189 of the First Quarter Report; and 
 
(d) the report for the period ended 31 December 2021 of the Issuer containing changes to reflect the 
Issuer's reportable segments from those contained in the 2021 Report, set forth in Exhibit 99.1 to 
the Form 8-K as filed with the Commission dated 10 May 2022 (available at 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1006b4defc7c284bbe98ad02727d27d9ff). 
The following information appears on the pages of this document as set out below:1. description of risk 
factors, trends and events affecting Citigroup of the 2021 Report: 
(a) 
the market-related risks 
Set out on numbered pages 45 to 46 of the 
2021 Report. 
(b) 
the strategic risks 
Set out on numbered pages 46 to 51 of the 
2021 Report. 
(c) 
the operational risks 
Set out on numbered pages 51 to 53 of the 
2021 Report. 
(d) 
the credit risks 
Set out on numbered page 45 of the 2021 
Report. 
(e) 
the liquidity risks 
Set out on numbered pages 54 to 55 of the 
2021 Report. 
(f) 
the compliance risks 
Set out on numbered pages 55 to 57 of the 
2021 Report. 
(g) 
the other risks 
Set out on numbered pages 57 to 59 of the 
2021 Report. 
2. 
audited consolidated financial information of the Issuer for the years ending 31 December 2021, 
2020 and 2019: 
(a) 
statement of income 
Set out on numbered pages 138 to 139 of the 
2021 Report. 
(b) 
statement of comprehensive income 
Set out on numbered page 139 of the 2021 
Report. 
(c) 
balance sheet 
Set out on numbered pages 140 to 141 of the 
2021 Report. 
(d) 
statement of changes in stockholder's 
equity 
Set out on numbered pages 142 to 143 of the 
2021 Report. 
(e) 
statement of cash flows 
Set out on numbered page 144 to 145 of the 
2021 Report. 
(f) 
notes 
Set out on numbered pages 146 to 314 of the 
2021 Report. 
(g) 
auditor's report covering years ending 
31 December 2021 and 2020 
Set out on numbered pages 132 to 136 of the 
2021 Report.

--- Page 26 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 24 - 
70-41031445 
 
other information relating to Citigroup 
(a) 
description of the principal activities 
of Citigroup 
Set out on pages 4 to 18 and 29 to 131 of the 
2021 Report. 
(b) 
description of the principal markets in 
which Citigroup competes 
Set out on pages 22 to 27 of the 2021 Report. 
(c) 
description of litigation involving 
Citigroup 
Set out on pages 296 to 303 of the 2021 
Report.  
 
and 
3. 
the summary of interim results of operations set out on all 12 pages of the Press Release. 
The following information is also incorporated in, and forms part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 26 to 54 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 18 
March 2016 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(the 
"2016 
Conditions") 
(available 
at: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/105fb0f20bd9b14a0c82068bc926630cde). 
2. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 26 to 54 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 10 April 
2017 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2017 
Conditions") (available at: http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/100b8ea85ebc604b3ab8216f6f87887319). 
3. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 27 to 55 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 2 May 
2018 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2018 
Conditions") (available at: http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10b13e98b8431245ac92601d3bdd3a74b9). 
4. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 26 to 55 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 26 April 
2019 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (available 
at: http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10999c638bcd5843cb9378fba45f340caa) as supplemented by base 
prospectus 
supplement 
(No. 
1) 
dated 
3 
May 
2019 
(available 
at: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/108df27e80f534460a8e85c4733b45eaed) and base prospectus supplement 
(No. 
2) 
dated 
14 
June 
2019 
(available 
at: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10bdcb02ce24b2481d8677bd959c15f5b4) (the "2019 Conditions"). 
5. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 18 to 50 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 21 April 
2020 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2020 
Conditions") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=QDb8E47HuYDDKhBQJEMO1HgHfycCTPCyjWKB8Vi85Rdtr5gCe0
us9/ly1VCmSDZEuWRXB6VzJkv+PzqjUbPB82IEnHQKAfBIExwQFxsbk+3v2aKvcPCvLAuo
GoTRm+SH7dsjRGPvKuLRpnDokHcUUBsrOkmJtwK8eII762oj1ofYxHf9pKSBVXhDl/LEwy
Fd). 
6. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 22 to 70 (inclusive) of the base prospectus dated 23 April 
2021 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2021 
Conditions") 
(available 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=wRZ78YOklx0hrW8rf6fjsXb/v0BiYTpT/eAD4/KJpA7EIY91mJxKOh/
uDIVKq4O4KROffwLF8VUNvtKaqL/LyubKXhxzpyBrHJNUiVGTdzgnOvmLWiwiKwxhvgY
37lpf5VLzsZ0nLNPLyPP8Xr8kHyrnf9D6MNZ/njDH66ZkUATmKnaOnWHVtLFsqcGrZFfw). 
For at least ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus, this Base Prospectus and the documents 
incorporated by reference will be available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.bourse.lu/programme/Programme-Citigroup/14251). 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of the Issuer, its Annual Reports on Form 10-K for 
fiscal years after 2021 and any other reports filed by the Issuer with the Commission pursuant to Section 
13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), 
and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to the date of the financial statements included in the

--- Page 27 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 25 - 
70-41031445 
 
2021 Report will be filed by the Issuer with the Commission and will be available to the public on the 
Commission's website (www.sec.gov). 
The Issuer will, at the specified offices of the Paying Agents (as defined herein), make available free of 
charge a copy of this Base Prospectus (and any documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus, including exhibits to such documents). Requests for such documents should be directed to the 
specified office of any Paying Agent or the specified office of the Listing Agent in Luxembourg (the 
"Luxembourg Listing Agent"). 
The information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list is either not 
relevant for the investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 28 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 26 - 
70-41031445 
 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the listing of the Notes on the official list and admission to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, that so long as any Notes remain 
outstanding and are listed on the official list, and admitted to trading on the regulated market, of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, if there shall occur any adverse change in the business or financial position 
of the Issuer or any change in the information set out under Terms and Conditions of the Notes, that is 
material in the context of issuance under the Programme, the Issuer will either prepare a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus, for use in connection with any subsequent issue by 
the Issuer of Notes to be listed on the official list, and admitted to trading on the regulated market, of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered form 
("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Note"), in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. In a press release dated 22 October 2008, "Evolution of the custody 
arrangement for international debt securities and their eligibility in Eurosystem credit operations", the 
European Central Bank ("ECB") announced that it has assessed the new holding structure and custody 
arrangements for Notes which the ICSDs had designed in cooperation with market participants and that 
Notes to be held under the new structure (the "New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS") would be in 
compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" 
of the central banking system for the Euro (the "Eurosystem"), subject to the conclusion of the necessary 
legal and contractual arrangements. The press release also stated that the new arrangements for Notes to be 
held in NSS form will be offered by Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") as of 30 June 2010 and that registered debt securities in Global Registered 
form held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 30 September 2010 will only be eligible 
as collateral in Eurosystem operations if the New Safekeeping Structure is used. In February 2018, the ECB 
issued Guideline (EU) 2018/570 to reflect changes to collateral eligibility criteria for unsecured bank bonds. 
As a result of these amendments, unsecured bank bonds ("UBBs") that are subject to statutory, contractual 
or structural subordination (for example, UBBs issued by bank holding companies) became ineligible as 
collateral in the first quarter of 2018, and UBBs that were previously eligible as collateral but do not fulfil 
the new eligibility criteria remained eligible only until 31 December 2018. 
Each Global Note will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure, registered in the name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and the relevant Global Note will be deposited on 
or about the issue date with the common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; 
or (b) in the case of a Note to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a 
nominee of a common safekeeper of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Global 
Note will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common safekeeper of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note Certificates in accordance with its 
terms. If the Notes are held under the New Safekeeping Structure, they may, but will not necessarily, be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem, either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. Each Global Note shall bear the 
appropriate legend, as set forth in the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Note exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Note which will be exchangeable 
in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 29 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 27 - 
70-41031445 
 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global Note", 
then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in 
Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure that 
Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount 
of the Global Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder of the 
Global Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual 
Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names 
the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding) 
against the surrender of the Global Note at the specified office of the Registrar; provided, however, that 
such Individual Note Certificates will be issued with a single Specified Denomination (no integral multiples 
of a smaller denomination will be permitted). 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which supplement, amend and/or replace those 
terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Note will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form below.

--- Page 30 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 28 - 
70-41031445 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will 
be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the 
Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes 
while in Global Form below. Italicised text is included for explanatory purposes only and does not form 
part of the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme 
Citigroup Inc. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium-Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme") for the issuance of up to U.S.$110,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the "Notes") outstanding at any one time. 
(b) 
Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes 
are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final 
Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement 
The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated on or about 23 
April 2021 (as amended or supplemented from time to time up to and including the Issue 
Date of the Notes, the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. as fiscal 
agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Notes), Citibank, N.A. as registrar (the 
"Registrar", which expression includes any successor registrar appointed from time to 
time in connection with the Notes), the transfer agent named therein (together with the 
Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional 
transfer agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the paying 
agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which 
expression includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time 
in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes 
All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available during 
normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent in 
Luxembourg, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
(e) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are 
subject to its detailed provisions. Noteholders are bound by, and are deemed to have notice 
of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency 
Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at 
the Specified Offices (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of each of the Paying Agents, 
the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.

--- Page 31 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 29 - 
70-41031445 
 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Alternative Redemption Amount" means the higher of (i) the principal amount of the 
relevant Note (or, in respect of any Zero-Coupon Note, the amount referred to in Condition 
9(i) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)) and (ii) an amount determined by the 
Issuer equal to the fair market value of such Note on the basis of: 
(i) 
if the Note is actively traded on a regulated market, multilateral trading facility or 
over-the-counter market and provided recent observable bid and ask prices are 
available, by reference to such prices; 
(ii) 
if the Note is not traded on a regulated market, multilateral trading facility or over-
the-counter market, or where, in the reasonable determination of the Calculation 
Agent, no recent observable bid and ask prices that represent the market value of 
such Notes are available, by reference to a generally accepted valuation method 
for such instrument in the financial markets, 
and provided that: 
(a) 
any costs incurred by the Issuer in relation to the early redemption of the 
Notes or the termination of any hedging arrangements relating thereto, 
shall not be deducted in when determining the Alternative Redemption 
Amount; and 
(b) 
any costs, as notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (including 
but not limited to any structuring costs) which were included in the issue 
price of the relevant Note shall be added to the alternative redemption 
amount (as determined in the manner set out in paragraph (i) or (ii) 
above) (as applicable) in an amount equal to the amount of such costs 
multiplied by the number of days from the date on which the Issuer 
determines that it shall redeem the Notes to the Maturity Date and divided 
by the number of days from the Issue Date until the Maturity Date of 
such Notes. 
"Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally 
in each (if any) Business Centre; 
(ii) 
in relation to any SOFR Notes or SOFR Index Notes, any weekday that is not a 
legal holiday in New York City and is not a day on which banking institutions in 
New York City are authorized or required by law or regulation to be closed and 
is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
(iii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than Euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Business 
Centre;

--- Page 32 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 30 - 
70-41031445 
 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following 
day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in 
which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to 
the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will 
be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last 
day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified 
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such 
date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
when the 2000 ISDA Definitions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Regular Period during which it falls, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods normally ending in any year; and

--- Page 33 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 31 - 
70-41031445 
 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, 
the sum of: 
(x) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the Regular Period in which it begins divided 
by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(y) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the next Regular Period divided by the product 
of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending 
in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered 
to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month 
of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
and 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified means, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation 
Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the date of final 
maturity is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month 
of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month); 
or 
(ii) 
when the 2006 ISDA Definitions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Regular Period during which it falls, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods normally ending in any year; and

--- Page 34 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 32 - 
70-41031445 
 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, 
the sum of: 
(x) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the Regular Period in which it begins divided 
by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(y) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the next Regular Period divided by the product 
of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending 
in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (a) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Ñ" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 35 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 33 - 
70-41031445 
 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, means the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 36 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 34 - 
70-41031445 
 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions 
or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount that should not be less than par as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Interest Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"FSMA" means the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000; 
"Holder" has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination and Title — Title 
to Notes); 
"Indebtedness" means any and all obligations of a corporation for money borrowed which 
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles would be reflected on 
the balance sheet of such corporation as a liability on the date as of which the Indebtedness 
is to be determined; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or 
dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms and, 
if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each 
of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar 
months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means, for Notes other than SOFR Notes, each period beginning on 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2000 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (formerly the International Swap Dealers Association, Inc.)) or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated 
as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified

--- Page 37 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 35 - 
70-41031445 
 
in the relevant Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Non-United States Person" means a person who is not a United States Person; 
"Noteholder" has the meaning given in Condition 3(b) (Form, Denomination and Title— 
Title to Notes); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which 
adopts the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is Euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if 
any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not Euro, any day which is a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, limited liability 
company, joint venture, association, trust, organisation, state or agency of a state or other 
entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or 
(in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each 
case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder;

--- Page 38 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 36 - 
70-41031445 
 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms, or calculated 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the 
nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means the four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the 
market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date 
on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has 
not been received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the 
full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in 
the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated 
by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal 
or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency 
of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings 
or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Senior Indebtedness" means: 
(i) 
the principal, premium, if any, and interest in respect of: 
(a) 
indebtedness of the Issuer for money borrowed; and 
(b) 
indebtedness evidenced by securities, notes, debentures, bonds or other 
similar instruments issued by the Issuer including all indebtedness 
(whether now or hereafter outstanding) issued under (i) the indenture 
dated as of 13 November 2013 between the Issuer and The Bank of New 
York, as trustee, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented 
from time to time, and (ii) the indenture dated as of 15 March 1987 
between the Issuer and The Bank of New York, as trustee, as the same 
may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time; 
(ii) 
all capital lease obligations of the Issuer;

--- Page 39 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 37 - 
70-41031445 
 
(iii) 
all obligations of the Issuer issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price of 
property, all conditional sale obligations of the Issuer and all obligations of the 
Issuer under any conditional sale or title retention agreement (but excluding trade 
accounts payable in the ordinary course of business); 
(iv) 
all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of the Issuer in respect of any letters of 
credit, banker's acceptance, security purchase facilities and similar credit 
transactions; 
(v) 
all obligations of the Issuer in respect of any interest rate swap, cap or other 
agreements, interest rate future or option contracts, currency swap agreements, 
currency future or option contracts and other similar agreements; 
(vi) 
all obligations of the type referred to in clauses (i) to (v) above of other Persons 
for the payment of which the Issuer is responsible or liable as obligor, guarantor 
or otherwise; and 
(vii) 
all obligations of the type referred to in clauses (i) to (vi) of other Persons secured 
by any lien on any property or asset of the Issuer (whether or not such obligation 
is assumed by the Issuer), 
except that Senior Indebtedness shall not include: 
any indebtedness (whether now or hereafter outstanding) issued under the indenture dated 
as of 12 April 2001 between the Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor 
to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, N.A.) as the same has been or may be amended, modified, 
or supplemented from time to time; 
any indebtedness (whether now or hereafter outstanding) issued to a Citigroup Trust under 
(i) the indenture, dated as of 7 October 1996, between Citigroup and The Bank of New 
York Mellon, as successor trustee to JPMorgan Chase Bank (formerly known as The 
Chase Manhattan Bank), as trustee, as the same has been or may be amended, modified, 
or supplemented from time to time, and (ii) the indenture, dated as of 23 July 2004, 
between Citigroup and The Bank of New York Mellon, as successor trustee to JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, as trustee, as the same has been or may be amended, modified, or 
supplemented from time to time (collectively, the "junior subordinated debt 
indentures"); 
any guarantee in respect of any preferred securities, capital securities or preference stock 
of a Citigroup Trust; and 
any indebtedness or any guarantee that is by its terms subordinated to, or ranks equally 
with the Subordinated Notes and the issuance of which (x) has received the concurrence 
or approval of the staff of the NY Federal Reserve the staff of the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System or (y) does not at the time of issuance prevent the 
Subordinated Notes from qualifying for Tier 2 capital treatment (irrespective of any limits 
on the amount of the Issuer's Tier 2 capital) under the applicable capital adequacy 
guidelines, regulations, policies or published interpretations of the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System or any applicable concurrence or approval of the NY Federal 
Reserve or its staff. 
"Citigroup Trust" means each of Citigroup Capital III and Citigroup Capital XIII, each 
a Delaware statutory trust, or any other similar trust created for the purpose of issuing 
preferred securities in connection with the issuances of junior subordinated notes under 
the junior subordinated debt indentures. 
"Significant Subsidiary" means a Subsidiary, including its Subsidiaries, which meets any 
of the following conditions: 
(i) 
the Issuer and its other Subsidiaries' investments in and advances to the Subsidiary 
exceed 10 per cent. of the total assets of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries 
consolidated as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year; or

--- Page 40 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 38 - 
70-41031445 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer and its other Subsidiaries' proportionate share of the total assets of the 
Subsidiary after intercompany eliminations exceeds 10 per cent. of the total assets 
of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries consolidated as of the end of the most recently 
completed fiscal year; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer and its other Subsidiaries' equity in the income from continuing 
operations before income taxes, extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a 
change in accounting principles of the Subsidiary exceeds 10 per cent. of such 
income of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries consolidated for the most recently 
completed fiscal year. For the purposes of making such prescribed income test, 
the following shall be applicable: 
(a) 
when a loss has been incurred by either the Issuer and its Subsidiaries 
consolidated or the tested Subsidiary, but not both, the equity in the 
income or loss of the tested Subsidiary shall be excluded from the income 
of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries consolidated for purposes of the 
computation; and 
(b) 
if income of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries consolidated for the most 
recent fiscal year is at least 10 per cent. lower than the average of the 
income for the last five fiscal years, such average income shall be 
substituted for purposes of the computation. Any loss years shall be 
omitted for purposes of computing average income; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" of any agent means the office specified against its name in Schedule 2 
of the Agency Agreement or, in the case of any agent not originally party thereto, specified 
by notice to the Issuer in accordance with the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Subsidiary" means any Person of which a majority of the voting power of the outstanding 
ownership interests (excluding ownership interests entitled to voting power only by reason 
of the happening of a contingency) shall at the time be owned, directly or indirectly, by 
the Issuer and/or one or more Subsidiaries. For this purpose, "voting power" means power 
to vote in an ordinary election of directors (or, in the case of a Person that is not a 
corporation, ordinarily to appoint or approve the appointment of Persons holding similar 
positions); 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was 
launched on 19 November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in Euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on Functioning of the European Union; 
"United States" means the United States of America, which includes only the States and 
the District of Columbia; 
"U.S. Person" has the meaning given in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act; 
"Voting Stock" means capital stock the holders of which have general voting power under 
ordinary circumstances to elect at least a majority of the board of the directors of a 
corporation, provided that capital stock which carries only a right to vote conditional on 
the happening of an event shall not be considered voting stock, whether or not such event 
has happened; and

--- Page 41 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 39 - 
70-41031445 
 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 11 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other 
amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any 
other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement; and 
(iv) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable", then such expression is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Notes 
Notes are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum denomination 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Title to Notes 
The Registrar will maintain the register in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each Holder of 
Notes in respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially 
with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register. In the case of Notes, 
"Holder" means the person in whose name such Note is for the time being registered in 
the Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof) and "Noteholder" 
shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Ownership 
The Holder of any Note shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing on the Note Certificate 
relating thereto (other than the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous 
loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such Holder. 
(d) 
Transfers of Notes 
Subject to paragraphs (g) (Closed periods) and (h) (Regulations concerning transfers and 
registration) below, a Note may be transferred upon surrender of the relevant Note 
Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the Specified Office of 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as 
the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the 
transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer; 
provided, however, that a Note may not be transferred unless the principal amount of 
Notes transferred and (where not all of the Notes held by a Holder are being transferred) 
the principal amount of the balance of Notes not transferred are Specified Denominations. 
Where not all the Notes represented by the surrendered Note Certificate are the subject of

--- Page 42 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 40 - 
70-41031445 
 
the transfer, a new Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the Notes will be issued to 
the transferor. 
(e) 
Registration and delivery of Note Certificates 
Within five business days of the surrender of a Note Certificate in accordance with 
paragraph (d) (Transfers of Notes) above, the Registrar will register the transfer in question 
and deliver a new Note Certificate of a like principal amount to the Notes transferred to 
each relevant Holder at its Specified Office or (as the case may be) the Specified Office 
of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant Holder) by uninsured 
first class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such 
relevant Holder. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city 
where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its Specified 
Office. 
(f) 
No charge 
The transfer of a Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case 
may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever 
nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(g) 
Closed periods 
Noteholders may not require transfers to be registered during the period of 15 days ending 
on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes. 
(h) 
Regulations concerning transfers and registration 
All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations 
concerning the transfer of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may 
be changed by the Issuer with the prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the 
current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Noteholder who 
requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
4. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of Senior Notes 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, Notes issued on an unsubordinated basis 
("Senior Notes") constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and will at all times rank pari passu and rateably without any preference among the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of other Senior Notes of the same Series of the Issuer 
and (subject to any applicable statutory exceptions and without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) at least pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer, present and future. 
(b) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, Notes issued on a subordinated basis 
("Subordinated Notes") are subordinated and junior, to the extent and in the manner set 
out herein, in right of payment to the prior payment in full of Senior Indebtedness and will 
rank pari passu in right of payment with the debt securities issued or issuable by the Issuer 
under the indenture dated as of 12 April 2001, as supplemented, between the Issuer and 
The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to J.P. Morgan Trust Company, N.A.) and 
with all other unsecured and subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer, present and future, 
except for any indebtedness that is by its terms junior to the Subordinated Notes. 
In the event that the Issuer shall default in the payment of any principal (or premium, if 
any) or interest due and payable, after any applicable grace period, whether at maturity or

--- Page 43 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 41 - 
70-41031445 
 
at a date fixed for prepayment or by declaration or otherwise, on any Senior Indebtedness 
then, unless such default shall have been cured or waived or shall have ceased to exist, no 
direct or indirect payment (in cash, property, securities, by set-off or otherwise) shall be 
made or agreed to be made on account of the principal, premium (if any) or interest on 
any of the Subordinated Notes, or in respect of any redemption, retirement or acquisition 
of any of the Subordinated Notes, except that holders of Subordinated Notes may receive 
and retain securities of the Issuer or any other corporation provided for by a plan of 
reorganisation or readjustment, the payment of which is subordinate, at least to the extent 
provided in this Condition 4(b) with respect to the Subordinated Notes, to the payment of 
all Senior Indebtedness then outstanding and to any securities issued in respect of Senior 
Indebtedness under such plan of reorganisation or readjustment. 
In the event of any insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, liquidation, reorganisation, 
composition or other similar proceedings, in respect of the Issuer, its creditors or its 
property, or of any proceedings for the liquidation, dissolution or other winding up of the 
Issuer, voluntary or involuntary, whether or not involving insolvency or bankruptcy, or 
any assignment by the Issuer for the benefit of creditors or any other marshalling of the 
assets of the Issuer; 
then: 
(A) 
the holders of all Senior Indebtedness shall first be entitled to receive payment of 
the full amount due thereon before the holders of any of the Subordinated Notes 
are entitled to receive a payment on account of the principal of (or premium, if 
any) or interest on the indebtedness evidenced by the Subordinated Notes; 
(B) 
any payment or distribution of any kind or character, whether in cash, property or 
securities (other than securities of the Issuer or any other corporation provided for 
by a plan of reorganisation or readjustment, the payment of which is subordinate, 
at least to the extent provided in this Condition 4(b) to the payment of all Senior 
Indebtedness then outstanding and to any securities issued in respect of Senior 
Indebtedness under such plan of reorganisation or readjustment), to which the 
holders of any of the Subordinated Notes would be entitled except for the 
provisions of this Condition 4(b) shall be paid or delivered by the person making 
such payment or distribution directly to the holders of such Senior Indebtedness 
or their representative or representatives or to the trustee or trustees under any 
indenture under which any instruments evidencing any of such Senior 
Indebtedness may have been issued in accordance with the priorities then existing 
among holders of such Senior Indebtedness until all Senior Indebtedness has been 
paid in full before any payment or distribution is made to the holders of the 
indebtedness evidenced by the Subordinated Notes under these Conditions; and 
(C) 
in the event that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any payment or distribution of 
any kind or character, whether in cash, property or securities (other than securities 
of the Issuer or any other corporation provided for by a plan of reorganisation or 
readjustment, the payment of which is subordinate, at least to the extent provided 
in this Condition 4(b) with respect to the Subordinated Notes, to the payment of 
all Senior Indebtedness then outstanding and to any securities issued in respect of 
Senior Indebtedness under such plan of reorganisation or readjustment) shall be 
received by the holders of any of the Subordinated Notes before all Senior 
Indebtedness is paid in full, such payment or distribution shall be received in trust 
for the benefit of, and shall be paid over to the holders of, such Senior 
Indebtedness or their representative or representatives or to the trustee or trustees 
under any indenture under which any instruments evidencing any such Senior 
Indebtedness may have been issued in accordance with the priorities then existing 
among holders of such Senior Indebtedness until all such Senior Indebtedness 
shall have been paid in full. Senior Indebtedness shall not be deemed to have been 
repaid in full unless the holders thereof have received cash, securities or other 
property equal to the amount of such Senior Indebtedness then outstanding. Upon 
the payment in full of all Senior Indebtedness, the holders of the Subordinated 
Notes shall be subrogated to all rights of the holders of Senior Indebtedness to

--- Page 44 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 42 - 
70-41031445 
 
receive all further payments or distributions applicable to the Senior Indebtedness 
unless the indebtedness evidenced by the Subordinated Notes then outstanding 
shall have been paid in full, and such payments or distributions received by 
holders of Subordinated Notes by reason of such subrogation shall as between the 
Issuer and its creditors other than holders of such Senior Indebtedness and the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes be deemed to be a payment by the Issuer on 
account of such Senior Indebtedness and not on account of the Subordinated 
Notes. 
Nothing contained in this Condition 4(b) shall impair, as between the Issuer and the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes, the obligation of the Issuer, which is absolute and 
unconditional, to pay to the holders of the Subordinated Notes relating thereto the principal 
of (and premium, if any) and interest on the Subordinated Notes and when the same shall 
become due and payable in accordance with their terms, or shall prevent any holder of the 
Subordinated Notes from exercising all rights, powers and remedies otherwise permitted 
by applicable law upon the occurrence of a default under these Conditions, subject to the 
rights under this Condition 4(b) of the holders of Senior Indebtedness to receive cash, 
property or securities otherwise payable or receivable by holders of Subordinated Notes. 
Upon payment or distribution of assets of the Issuer referred to in this Condition 4(b), the 
holders of the Subordinated Notes shall be entitled to rely upon an order or decree made 
by any court of competent jurisdiction in which any such dissolution, winding up, 
liquidation, reorganisation or arrangement proceeding affecting the affairs of the Issuer is 
pending or upon a certificate of the trustee in bankruptcy, receiver, assignee for the benefit 
of creditors, liquidating trustee or agent or other person making such payment or 
distribution, delivered to the Fiscal Agent or to the holders of the Subordinated Notes, for 
the purpose of ascertaining the persons entitled to participate in such payment or 
distribution, the holders of the Senior Indebtedness and other indebtedness of the Issuer, 
the amount thereof or payable thereon, the amount paid or distributed thereon and all other 
facts pertinent thereto or to this Condition 4(b). Nothing contained in this Condition 4(b) 
shall prevent any Paying Agent from paying any amounts due and payable to any 
Subordinated Noteholder from monies deposited with it by the Issuer in relation to such 
amounts due and owing if, at the time of such deposit, (x) such payment would not have 
been prohibited by this Condition 4(b) or (y) such Paying Agent had not received written 
notice of any event prohibiting the making of such payment. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms relating to any series of Subordinated Notes, 
payment of principal of the Subordinated Notes may be accelerated only in the case of the 
bankruptcy or insolvency of the Issuer. There is no right of acceleration in the case of a 
default in the payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the Subordinated 
Notes or the performance of any other covenant of the Issuer contained in the Terms and 
Conditions. Upon a default in the payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest, or 
the performance of any other covenant in the Terms and Conditions, Subordinated 
Noteholders may, subject to certain limitations and conditions, seek to enforce payment 
of such principal, premium, or interest or the performance of such covenant. No right of 
any present or future holder of any Senior Indebtedness to enforce the subordination herein 
shall at any time or in any way be prejudiced or impaired by any act or failure to act on 
the part of the Issuer or by any non-compliance by the Issuer with the terms, provisions 
and convenience of these Conditions, regardless of any knowledge thereof any such holder 
may have or be otherwise charged with. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
In relation to issues of Senior Notes, so long as any Senior Note remains outstanding, the Issuer 
will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, incur, issue, assume or guarantee any Indebtedness 
if such Indebtedness is secured by a pledge of, lien on, or security interest in any shares of Voting 
Stock of any Significant Subsidiary, whether such Voting Stock is owned now or acquired in the 
future, without effectively providing that the Senior Notes (together with, if the Issuer shall so 
determine, any other indebtedness or obligations of the Issuer or any Subsidiary ranking equally 
with such Senior Notes and then existing or thereafter created) shall be secured equally and rateably 
with such Indebtedness. For the purposes of the foregoing, pledging, placing a lien on or creating 
a security interest in any shares of Voting Stock of a Significant Subsidiary in order to secure then

--- Page 45 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 43 - 
70-41031445 
 
outstanding Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Subsidiary shall be deemed to be the incurrence, 
issuance, assumption or guarantee (as the case may be) of such Indebtedness, but the foregoing 
shall not apply to Indebtedness secured by a pledge of, lien on or security interest in any shares of 
Voting Stock of any corporation at the time it becomes a Significant Subsidiary, including 
extensions, renewals and replacements of such Indebtedness without an increase in the amount 
thereof. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld 
or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
6 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified 
the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Interest Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the 
relevant Fixed Interest Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Interest Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Regular Interest Periods 
If all of the Interest Payment Dates fall at regular intervals between the Issue Date and the 
Maturity Date, then: 
(i) 
the Notes shall for the purposes of this Condition 6 be "Regular Interest Period 
Notes"; 
(ii) 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls 
shall for the purposes of this Condition 6 be a "Regular Date"; and 
(iii) 
each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding 
the next succeeding Regular Date shall for the purposes of this Condition 6 be a 
"Regular Period". 
(e) 
Irregular first or last Interest Periods 
If the Notes would be Regular Interest Period Notes but for the fact that either or both of: 
(i) 
the interval between the Issue Date and the first Interest Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
the interval between the Maturity Date and the immediately preceding Interest 
Payment Date 
is longer or shorter than a Regular Period, then the Notes shall nevertheless be deemed to 
be Regular Interest Period Notes; provided, however, that if the interval between the 
Maturity Date and the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date is longer or shorter

--- Page 46 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 44 - 
70-41031445 
 
than a Regular Period, the day and month on which the Maturity Date falls shall not be a 
"Regular Date". 
(f) 
Irregular interest amount 
If the Notes are Regular Interest Period Notes, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of each Note for any period which is not a Regular Period shall be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency 
other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Number of days 
For the purposes of this Condition 6, unless the Day Count Fraction is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being 30/360, the number of days in any period shall be calculated 
on the basis of actual calendar days from and including the first day of the relevant period 
to but excluding the last day of the relevant period. 
(h) 
Irregular Interest Periods 
If the Notes are not Regular Interest Period Notes and interest is required to be calculated 
for any period other than an Interest Period, interest shall be calculated on such basis as is 
described in the relevant Final Terms. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate 
of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 7 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA, 
SOFR or any related index is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date;

--- Page 47 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 45 - 
70-41031445 
 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to 
prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period 
equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in that market at that time, and the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) 
the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of 
the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where 
"ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent 
for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
EURIBOR Discontinuance 
Notwithstanding (c) above, if, on or prior to any Interest Determination Date for any Notes 
linked to EURIBOR, the Issuer (or one of its affiliates) determines that EURIBOR has 
been discontinued or is permanently no longer being published, the Issuer (or such 
affiliate) will use a substitute or successor Reference Rate that it has determined, in its 
sole discretion after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, is (i) the industry-
accepted substitute or successor Reference Rate or (ii) if there is no such industry-accepted

--- Page 48 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 46 - 
70-41031445 
 
substitute or successor Reference Rate, a substitute or successor Reference Rate that is 
most comparable to EURIBOR. 
Upon selection of a substitute or successor Reference Rate, the Issuer (or such affiliate) 
may determine, in its sole discretion after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, 
the Day Count Fraction, the Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, the 
Interest Determination Date and any other relevant methodology or definition for 
calculating such substitute or successor Reference Rate, including any adjustment factor 
it determines is needed to make such substitute or successor Reference Rate comparable 
to EURIBOR, in a manner that is consistent with any industry-accepted practices for such 
substitute or successor Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded SOFR 
(i) 
This Condition 7(f) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"Compounded SOFR" (the "Compounded SOFR Notes"). 
SOFR is published by the NY Federal Reserve and is intended to be a broad 
measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. Treasury 
securities. The NY Federal Reserve reports that SOFR includes all trades in the 
Broad General Collateral Rate, plus bilateral U.S. Treasury repurchase 
agreement ("repo") transactions cleared through the delivery-versus-payment 
service offered by the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (the "FICC"), a 
subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation ("DTC"). SOFR is 
filtered by the NY Federal Reserve to remove a portion of the foregoing 
transactions considered to be "specials". According to the NY Federal Reserve, 
"specials" are repos for specific-issue collateral which take place at cash-lending 
rates below those for general collateral repos because cash providers are willing 
to accept a lesser return on their cash in order to obtain a particular security. 
The NY Federal Reserve reports that SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted 
median of transaction-level tri-party repo data collected from The Bank of New 
York Mellon, which currently acts as the clearing bank for the tri-party repo 
market, as well as General Collateral Finance Repo transaction data and data 
on bilateral U.S. Treasury repo transactions cleared through the FICC's delivery-
versus-payment service. NY Federal Reserve states that it obtains information 
from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of DTC. The NY Federal Reserve currently 
publishes the Secured Overnight Financing Rate daily on its website at 
https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr. The NY Federal Reserve 
states on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to important 
disclaimers, limitations and indemnification obligations, including that NY 
Federal Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate 
revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. 
(ii) 
Where "Compounded SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final 
Terms, 
(a) 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be Compounded SOFR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
Interest on the SOFR Notes will be payable in arrear on the second 
Business Day following each Interest Period End Date (each, an 
"Interest Payment Date"); provided that the Interest Payment Date 
with respect to the final Interest Period will be the Optional Redemption 
Date (Call), if applicable, or the Maturity Date;

--- Page 49 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 47 - 
70-41031445 
 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f): 
"Compounded SOFR", with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point with 0.00000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 360
𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any interest period, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become payable); 
"ni", for any day "i" in the relevant interest period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (SIFMA) recommends that the fixed income departments of 
its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities; 
"SOFR" means, with respect to any day, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following provisions: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate for trades made on such day that 
appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the NY

--- Page 50 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 48 - 
70-41031445 
 
Federal Reserve's Website on the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately following such day ("SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(b) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, unless a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred as described in (3) below, the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate published on the NY Federal Reserve's Website for the first 
preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the NY Federal 
Reserve's Website; or 
(c) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred prior to the relevant Interest Period End Date, the 
Calculation Agent will use the Benchmark Replacement to determine the 
rate and for all other purposes relating to the Notes; 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall 
begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the NY Federal 
Reserve, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; and 
"Interest Period" means the period from, and including, each Interest Period End 
Date to, but excluding, the next succeeding Interest Period End Date; provided 
that, if the Optional Redemption Date (Call) is applicable to the SOFR Notes, the 
Interest Period following an election by the Issuer to redeem the SOFR Notes, 
and the final Interest Period will be the period from, and including, the 
immediately preceding Interest Period End Date to, but excluding, the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) or the Maturity Date; and provided further that SOFR 
for each calendar day from, and including, the Rate Cut-Off Date to, but 
excluding, the Optional Redemption Date (Call), if applicable, or the Maturity 
Date will equal SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-Off Date; 
"Interest Period End Date" means the second Business Days prior to an Interest 
Payment Date; provided that if any Interest Period End Date (other than an 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) or the Maturity Date) is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be postponed to the next succeeding Business Day, unless that 
day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period End Date 
will be the immediately preceding Business Day;

--- Page 51 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 49 - 
70-41031445 
 
"Rate Cut-Off Date" means the second U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day prior to the Optional Redemption Date (Call), if applicable, or the Maturity 
Date of the SOFR Notes; 
(iv) 
Benchmark Transition Provisions 
(a) 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer (or one of its affiliates) determines 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect 
of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the Compounded SOFR Notes in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent 
dates. 
(b) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer (or one of its 
affiliates) will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(c) 
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election 
that may be made by the Issuer (or one of its affiliates) pursuant to these 
Benchmark Transition Provisions, including any determination with 
respect to tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error, will be made in the Issuer's (or such 
affiliate's) sole discretion, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the documentation relating to the Compounded SOFR Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Compounded 
SOFR Notes or any other party. 
(v) 
Definitions 
As used in Condition 7(f): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR; provided that if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used 
in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" 
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer (or such affiliate) as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark and (2) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(b) 
the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(c) 
the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Issuer (or one of its affiliates) as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 52 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 50 - 
70-41031445 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Issuer (or one of its affiliates) as of 
the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Issuer (or one of its affiliates) giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement 
of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes 
at such time. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the definition of "Interest Period," timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or 
tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer (or one of its affiliates) 
decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Issuer (or such affiliate) decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer (or such affiliate) 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, 
in such other manner as the Issuer (or such affiliate) determines is reasonably 
necessary). 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
in the case of paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the later of (1) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (2) the date on which 
the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(b) 
in the case of paragraph (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of 
any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time

--- Page 53 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 51 - 
70-41031445 
 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which states that 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional 
booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence 
of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor 
excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"NY Federal Reserve" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
"NY Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the NY Federal Reserve 
at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(a) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and 
(b) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer 
(or its affiliate) after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
NY Federal Reserve, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any successor thereto. 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(g) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded SOFR Index 
(i) 
This Condition 7(g) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
"Compounded SOFR Index" (the "Compounded SOFR Index Notes").

--- Page 54 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 52 - 
70-41031445 
 
(ii) 
Where "Compounded SOFR Index" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, 
be the Compounded SOFR Index plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(g): 
"Compounded SOFR Index", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point with 0.00000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1)  𝑥 (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day which is two U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the Interest Determination Date 
relating to such Interest Period; 
"dc" means the number of calendar days in the applicable Observation Period; 
"SOFR Index" means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day: 
(a) 
the SOFR Index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such 
index appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New 
York time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Index Determination Time"); provided that 
(b) 
if a SOFR Index value specified in (a) above does not so appear at the 
SOFR Index Determination Time, then: 
(i) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred with respect to SOFR, then 
Compounded SOFR Index shall be the rate determined pursuant 
to the "SOFR Index Unavailability" provisions below; or 
(ii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR, then 
Compounded SOFR Index shall be the rate determined pursuant 
to the "Effect of a Benchmark Transition Event" provisions 
below 
where: 
"SOFR" means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the 
SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator's Website 
"SOFR Administrator" means the NY Federal Reserve (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the NY Federal 
Reserve, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the 
NY Federal Reserve or the website of a successor administrator of SOFR; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the date two U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 55 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 53 - 
70-41031445 
 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date two U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (SIFMA) recommends that the fixed income departments of 
its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(iv) 
SOFR Index Unavailability: If SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not published 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred with respect to 
SOFR, "Compounded SOFR Index" will mean, for the relevant Interest Period 
for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily compounded 
interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for SOFR Averages, 
and definitions required for such formula, published on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-
information. For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages 
compounding formula and related definitions to "calculation period" shall be 
replaced with "Observation Period" and the words "that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- 
calendar days" shall be removed. If the daily SOFR ("SOFRi") does not so appear 
for any day, "i" in the Observation Period, SOFRi for such day "i" shall be SOFR 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website. 
(v) 
Benchmark Transition Provisions 
(a) 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer (or one of its affiliates) determines 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect 
of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the SOFR Index Notes in respect of such determination on 
such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(b) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer (or one of its 
affiliates) will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(c) 
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election 
that may be made by the Issuer (or one of its affiliates) pursuant to these 
Benchmark Transition Provisions, including any determination with 
respect to tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or nonoccurence 
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, will be made in the Issuer's (or such affiliate's) sole 
discretion, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Compounded SOFR Index Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the Compounded 
SOFR Index Notes or any other party. 
(vi) 
Definitions 
As used in Condition 7(g)(v): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR Index, as such term is 
defined above; provided that if the Issuer (or its affiliate) determines on or prior

--- Page 56 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 54 - 
70-41031445 
 
to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR 
Index (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-
current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer (or such affiliate) as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark and (2) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(b) 
the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(c) 
the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Issuer (or one of its affiliates) as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Issuer (or one of its affiliates) as of 
the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Issuer (or one of its affiliates) giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement 
of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes 
at such time. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the definition of "Interest Period," timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or 
tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer (or one of its affiliates) 
decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Issuer (or such affiliate) decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer (or such affiliate) 
determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, 
in such other manner as the Issuer (or such affiliate) determines is reasonably 
necessary).

--- Page 57 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 55 - 
70-41031445 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
in the case of paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the later of (1) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (2) the date on which 
the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(b) 
in the case of paragraph (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of 
any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have 
occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination. 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which states that 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional 
booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence

--- Page 58 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 56 - 
70-41031445 
 
of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor 
excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"NY Federal Reserve" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
"NY Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the NY Federal Reserve 
at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (a) 
if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR Index, the SOFR Index Determination 
Time, and (b) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR Index, the time 
determined by the Issuer (or its affiliate) in accordance with the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
NY Federal Reserve, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any successor thereto. 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(h) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be 
less than the minimum so specified; provided that in no event will the Interest Amount 
payable on the Notes be less than zero. 
(i) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount 
will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. 
For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than Euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
(j) 
Publication 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined 
by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required 
to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if 
any) on which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as 
soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
The Calculation Agent will be entitled to amend any Interest Amount (on the basis of the 
foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount 
but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect 
of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.

--- Page 59 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 57 - 
70-41031445 
 
(k) 
Notifications, etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person 
will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non exercise by it 
of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(l) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(i) 
This Condition 7(j) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(j): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1] x 
365
𝑑 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such

--- Page 60 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 58 - 
70-41031445 
 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable). 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of London Banking Days as specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior 
to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms; the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily 
SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London 
Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a non-London 
Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous 
London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
Reference Rate shall, be: 
(a) 
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close 
of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the mean of 
the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate; or

--- Page 61 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 59 - 
70-41031445 
 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference 
Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph immediately above, in the event the Bank of 
England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or 
(ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, to the 
extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine 
the SONIA rate for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA rate is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
(v) 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 7(j), the Interest Rate shall be (A) that determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period), (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period) or (C) in the 
case of the first Interest Period during the floating rate period, the most recent rate 
that could have been determined in accordance with this provision had the interest 
rate on the Notes been a floating rate during the fixed rate period.  
(vi) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 12 (Events of 
default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the 
definition specified above, be deemed to be the date on which the Notes became 
due and payable and the Interest Rate on the Notes shall, for so long as the Notes 
remain outstanding, be the rate determined on such date. 
(vii) 
Where "SONIA Index Determination" is specified in the Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded 
daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as 
determined and calculated by the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean SONIA Compounded Index, as specified in 
the Final Terms; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as 
published at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor 
administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical 
Database, or any successor source; 
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period);

--- Page 62 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 60 - 
70-41031445 
 
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant Compounded Index End is determined; 
"Numerator" means, 365 or as otherwise specified in the Final Terms; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
be the fifth decimal place rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards); and 
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless 
otherwise specified shall be five. 
"Index Days" means London Banking Days; 
provided that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate in accordance 
with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the previous 
Interest Period or in the case of the first Interest Period during the floating rate 
period, the most recent rate that could have been determined in accordance with 
this provision had the interest rate on the Notes been a floating rate during the 
fixed rate period. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly 
withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever 
is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to 
that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day 
which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 
10 (Payments).

--- Page 63 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 61 - 
70-41031445 
 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons, termination of clearing organization's business or Issuer 
default 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 9(h) (Regulatory Approval) below, the Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice in accordance with Condition 
18 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), together with accrued interest, if any, if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional interest on such 
Notes pursuant to Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, 
or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings promulgated 
thereunder) of the United States or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which any person 
(including any person acting as underwriter, broker or dealer) agrees to 
purchase any of such Notes pursuant to their original issuance, and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it; provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obligated to pay such additional interest were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due; or 
(b) 
(i) if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant 
clearing system announces an intention to terminate its business without 
a successor, or (ii) upon the occurrence of an event of default (as defined 
in Condition 12 (Events of Default)) in respect of any Note of that Series, 
or (iii) upon the occurrence of a change in the tax law of the United States 
or the domicile of the Issuer by reason of which the Issuer would be 
required to withhold or deduct a sum from any payment in respect of the 
Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 9, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (a) a certificate signed by an officer of 
the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (b) in the case of a redemption pursuant to 
Condition 9(b)(i)(a) a legal opinion, from lawyers of recognised standing in the 
United States, to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obligated to pay 
such additional interest as a result of such change or amendment. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
Subject to Condition 9(h) (Regulatory Approval) below, if the Call Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's 
giving not less than 5 nor more than 30 days' notice in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer 
to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus 
accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
If the "Make-Whole Amount" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will be an amount per Calculation Amount equal 
to: (i) during the Par Call Period (if applicable), the Calculation Amount or (ii) otherwise, 
the sum of the Calculation Amount and the Make-Whole Amount. 
The "Par Call Period" means the period from and including the Par Call Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date.

--- Page 64 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 62 - 
70-41031445 
 
The "Make-Whole Amount" will be equal to the excess, if any, of: (i) the aggregate 
present value as of such Optional Redemption Date of the principal amount being so 
redeemed and the amount of interest (exclusive of interest accrued to the Optional 
Redemption Date) that would have been payable in respect of such principal amount if 
such redemption had not been made, determined by discounting, on an annual basis, such 
principal amount and interest at the Reinvestment Rate (determined on the third Business 
Day preceding the date that notice of such redemption is given pursuant to Condition 18 
(Notices)) from the respective dates on which such principal amount and interest would 
have been payable if such redemption had not been made, to the Optional Redemption 
Date, over (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Notes being so redeemed, as calculated 
by the Issuer or a person designated by the Issuer. 
The "Reinvestment Rate" means the mid-market annual or semi-annual yield (as 
applicable) on the Reference Security (or if the Reference Security is no longer 
outstanding, a Similar Security) plus the Redemption Margin. 
The "Reference Security" means the security specified in the Final Terms. 
The "Redemption Margin" means the margin specified in the Final Terms. 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the issuer of the 
Reference Security and having an actual or interpolated maturity on the Maturity Date of 
the Notes or the Par Call Date (if applicable), as specified in the Final Terms, and that 
would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities maturing on the Maturity 
Date of the Notes or the Par Call Date (if applicable), as specified in the Final Terms. 
(d) 
Partial redemption 
If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the 
drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal 
Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders 
referred to in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the 
serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or 
Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than 
the minimum so specified; provided that in no event will the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Notes be less than zero. 
(e) 
Issuer Residual Call 
If "Issuer Residual Call" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and 
if, at any time (other than as a direct result of a redemption of some, but not all, of the 
Notes at the Make Whole Redemption Price at the Issuer's option pursuant to Condition 
9(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer)), the outstanding aggregate nominal amount 
of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally 
issued (and, for these purposes, any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 17 (Further 
Issues) and consolidated with the Notes as part of the same Series shall be deemed to have 
been originally issued), the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining 
outstanding Notes on any date (or, if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, on any Interest Payment Date) upon giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) (which notice shall specify the 
date for redemption and shall be irrevocable), at the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Residual Call) together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 9(e) (Issuer Residual Call), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is

--- Page 65 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 63 - 
70-41031445 
 
entitled to effect such redemption and confirming that the outstanding aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
originally issued. The Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out above, in which event it 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to 
exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(e), the holder of a Note must, not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit 
with any Paying Agent such Note and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form 
obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited 
shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, 
once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 
9(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon 
due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption monies is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying 
Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may 
have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such 
Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender 
of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying 
Agent in accordance with this Condition 9(e), the depositor of such Note and not such 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(g) 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
paragraphs (a) to (e) above. 
(h) 
Regulatory approval 
The redemption or repurchase of any Note (pursuant to Conditions 9(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons, termination of clearing organization's business or Issuer default) or 9(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) above or 9(k) (Purchase and Cancellation) below) 
that is included in the Issuer's capital and total loss-absorbing capacity may be subject to 
consultation with the Federal Reserve, which may not acquiesce in the redemption or 
repurchase of such Note unless it is satisfied that the capital position and total 
loss-absorbing capacity of the Issuer will be adequate after the proposed redemption or 
repurchase. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 9(i) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360.

--- Page 66 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 64 - 
70-41031445 
 
(j) 
Notification of Exchange 
In respect of any Notes which are listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and are to be redeemed as provided 
in paragraphs (b) to (e) above, the Issuer shall notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of 
such redemption. 
(k) 
Purchase and Cancellation 
Subject to Condition 9(h) (Regulatory Approval) above, the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall be 
cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
10. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal 
Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Note to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such 
payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is 
Euro, any other account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by 
the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a 
Sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case 
of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of partial payment only, endorsement) of 
the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest 
Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Note to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any such payment, by 
transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is Euro, any other 
account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, 
a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a Sterling cheque, 
a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London) and (in the case of interest payable 
on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the case of partial payment only, endorsement) of 
the relevant Note Certificates at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or 
other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 11 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days 
Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions (for value 
the due date, or, if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, for value the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments of principal and interest 
payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment and the day on which the 
relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of partial payment only, endorsed) 
at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case of payments of interest 
payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. A Holder of a Note shall 
not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of any delay in payment resulting 
from (a) the due date for a payment not being a Payment Business Day or (b) a cheque 
mailed in accordance with this Condition 10 arriving after the due date for payment or 
being lost in the mail.

--- Page 67 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 65 - 
70-41031445 
 
(e) 
Partial payments 
If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that the amount and date of such payment are noted on the Register and, in the case of 
partial payment upon presentation of a Note Certificate, that a statement indicating the 
amount and the date of such payment is endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate. 
(f) 
Record date 
Each payment in respect of a Global Note will be made to the person shown as the Holder 
in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where 
"Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which 
the Global Note is being held is open for business. Where payment in respect of a Global 
Note is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the 
address of the Holder in the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record 
Date. 
11. 
Taxation 
The Issuer will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay as additional amounts 
to the beneficial holder of any Note that is a Non-United States Person such amounts as may be 
necessary so that every net payment on such Note, after deduction or withholding for or on account 
of any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result 
of such payment by the United States, will not be less than the amount provided in such Note to be 
then due and payable. However, the Issuer will not be required to make any such payment of 
additional amounts for or on account of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other government charge that would not have been imposed but for 
(a) the existence of any present or former connection (or relationship) between a 
Noteholder (or between a fiduciary, settlor or beneficiary of, or a person holding a power 
over, such holders, if such holder is an estate or a trust, or a member or shareholder of 
such holder, if such holder is a partnership or corporation) and the United States, including, 
without limitation, such holder (or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, person holding a 
power, member or shareholder) being or having been a citizen or resident thereof or being 
or having been engaged in trade or business or present therein or having or having had a 
permanent establishment therein or (b) such Noteholder's past or present status as a 
personal holding company, foreign private foundation or other foreign tax-exempt 
organisation with respect to the United States, passive foreign investment company, 
controlled foreign corporation or as a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid 
United States federal income tax; or 
(ii) 
a holder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by satisfying 
any statutory or procedural requirements including, without limitation, the provision of 
information; or 
(iii) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, excise, wealth or personal property tax or any 
similar tax, assessment, withholding, deduction or other governmental charge; or 
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but 
for: 
(a) 
the presentation by the holder of a Note for payment more than 30 days after the 
Relevant Date; or 
(b) 
a change in law, regulation or administrative or judicial interpretation that 
becomes effective more than 15 days after the payment becomes due or is duly 
provided for, whichever occurs later; or 
(v) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by 
deduction or withholding from a payment on a Note; or

--- Page 68 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 66 - 
70-41031445 
 
(vi) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be deducted or withheld by 
any Paying Agent from a payment on a Note, if such payment can be made without such 
deduction or withholding by any other Paying Agent; or 
(vii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but 
for a failure to comply with applicable certification, documentation, identification, 
information or other reporting requirement concerning the nationality, residence, identity 
or connection with the United States of the holder or the beneficial owner of a Note if such 
compliance is required by statute, regulation or administrative pronouncement of the 
United States or by a tax treaty of the United States, as a precondition to relief or 
exemption from such tax, assessment or other government charge; or 
(viii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but 
for a failure by the holder or beneficial owner of any Note (or any financial institution 
through which the holder or beneficial owner holds any Note or through which payment 
on the Note is made) to take any action (including entering into an agreement with the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service) or to comply with any applicable certification, 
documentation, information or other reporting requirement or agreement concerning 
accounts maintained by the holder, beneficial owner (or any such financial institution) or 
concerning ownership of the holder or beneficial owner, or any substantially similar 
requirement or agreement; or 
(ix) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on a holder that actually owns 
or is deemed to own 10 per cent. or more of the combined voting power of all classes of 
stock of the Issuer or that is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Issuer through 
stock ownership or by reason of the holder being a bank that has invested in a Note as an 
extension of credit in the ordinary course of its trade or business; or 
(x) 
a payment on a Note to a holder that is a fiduciary, partnership, limited liability company 
or other fiscally transparent entity or other than the sole beneficial owner of such payment 
to the extent a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such 
partnership or a beneficial owner would not have been entitled to the additional interest 
had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the holder of such Note; 
or 
(xi) 
any withholding tax required to be withheld or deducted pursuant to Section 1471(b) of 
the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto; or 
(xii) 
any combination of sub-paragraphs (i) to (xi) above. 
12. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
"event of default" with respect to a Senior Note of a particular Series means any one of 
the following events (whatever the reason for such event of default and whether it shall be 
voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, 
decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or 
governmental body): 
(i) 
Non-payment of interest: default in the payment of any interest upon any Senior 
Note of that Series when and as it becomes payable, and continuance of such 
default for a period of 30 days; or 
(ii) 
Non-payment of principal: default in the payment of principal or premium, if 
any, on any Senior Note of such Series when and as it becomes payable, and 
continuance of such default for a period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
Insolvency: the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Issuer by a 
court having jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary case under the U.S. 
Federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable 
U.S. Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter

--- Page 69 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 67 - 
70-41031445 
 
in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or 
sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Issuer or substantially all of its 
property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the 
continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 
consecutive days; or 
(iv) 
Voluntary insolvency: the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary case 
under the U.S. Federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any 
other applicable U.S. Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law 
now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by it to the entry of an order for relief in 
an involuntary case under any such law or to the appointment of or taking 
possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or 
other similar official) of the Issuer or for substantially all of its property, or the 
making by it of an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or 
(v) 
Other specified events: the occurrence of any other event of default with respect 
to the Senior Notes of such Series as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
No event of default with respect to Senior Notes of a particular Series shall 
constitute an event of default with respect to Senior Notes of any other Series, 
except with respect to an event of default under subparagraphs (iii) and (iv) of 
this Condition 12(a). 
(b) 
"default" with respect to a Senior Note of a particular Series means any of the events 
described in Condition 12(a)(i)-(v), as well as the default in the performance or observance 
of any covenant or agreement of the Issuer in these Conditions or the Agency Agreement 
(other than a covenant or agreement solely for the benefit of holders of another Series of 
Senior Notes or a covenant or agreement a default in whose performance or observance is 
specifically dealt with elsewhere in this Condition 12) and continuance of such default for 
a period of 90 days after there has been given, to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent by the 
holders of at least 25 per cent. in principal amount of the Senior Notes of that Series 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), a written notice specifying such default 
and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a "Notice of Default" 
hereunder. 
(c) 
"event of default" with respect to a Subordinated Note of a particular Series means any 
of the events described in Condition 12(a)(iii) and (iv). A "default" with respect to a 
Subordinated Note of a particular Series means an event of default with respect to such 
Subordinated Note, a default in the payment of principal or premium, if any, on any 
Subordinated Note of such Series when and as it becomes payable, as well as any of the 
events described in Condition 12(a)(i) and (ii) and 12(b), as these events relate to a 
Subordinated Note of such Series. 
(d) 
Subject to these Terms and Conditions, if an event of default with respect to the Notes of 
a particular Series at the time outstanding occurs and is continuing, then in such case the 
holders of not less than 25 per cent. in principal amount of the outstanding Notes of such 
Series may declare the Early Redemption Amount (Default) (being the amount so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and if no such amount is specified, the principal 
amount thereof) and all accrued but unpaid interest on the Notes to be due and payable 
immediately, by a notice in writing to the Issuer (and to the Fiscal Agent), and upon any 
such declaration such Early Redemption Amount (Default) (or other specified amount) 
and interest shall become immediately due and payable. Upon payment of such amounts 
in the currency in which such Notes are denominated, all obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of payment of principal and interest on such Notes shall terminate. 
At any time after such a declaration of acceleration of the Notes of a Series has been made, 
the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes of such Series, by 
written notice to the Issuer, may, on behalf of all Noteholders of such Series, waive such 
event of default and rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences if:

--- Page 70 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 68 - 
70-41031445 
 
(A) 
the Issuer has paid or deposited with the Fiscal Agent a sum in the currency in 
which such Notes are denominated sufficient to pay: 
(w) 
all overdue instalments of interest on such Notes; 
(x) 
the amounts of principal (and premium, if any, on) such Notes that have 
become due otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration and 
interest thereon at the rate prescribed therefor in these Conditions; 
(y) 
to the extent that payment of such interest is lawful, interest upon overdue 
instalments of interests on each such Note at the rate or rates prescribed 
therefor in such Notes; and 
(z) 
all sums paid or advanced by the Paying Agents and the reasonable 
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Paying 
Agents; provided, however, that all sums payable under this 
sub-paragraph (d) shall be paid in U.S. dollars; and 
(B) 
all defaults and events of default with respect to such Notes, other than the 
non-payment of principal of and interest on the Notes that have become due solely 
by such declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived as provided in 
Condition 16 (Meeting of Noteholders and Waiver). 
No such rescission and waiver shall affect any subsequent default or impair any right 
consequent thereon. 
For all purposes under these Conditions, if a portion of the principal of any Zero Coupon 
Note shall have been accelerated and declared due and payable pursuant to the provisions 
hereof, then, from and after such declaration, unless such declaration has been rescinded 
and annulled, the principal amount of such Zero Coupon Note shall be deemed, for all 
purposes hereunder, to be such portion of the principal thereof as shall be due and payable 
as a result of such acceleration, and payment of such portion of the principal thereof as 
shall be due and payable as a result of such acceleration, together with interest, if any, 
thereon and all other amounts owing thereunder, shall constitute payment in full of such 
Zero Coupon Note. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal and interest on redemption in respect of Notes shall become void unless the 
relevant Note Certificates are surrendered for payment within two years of the appropriate Relevant 
Date. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes 
If any Note or Note Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Registrar (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent or Transfer Agent having 
its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in 
connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and 
otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Note Certificates 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes, the Agents act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust 
for or with any of the Noteholders.

--- Page 71 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 69 - 
70-41031445 
 
The initial Agents are described in Condition 1(c) above and their initial Specified Offices are 
defined in Condition 2(a) above. The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any 
Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor 
paying agents; provided, however, that the Issuer shall at all times maintain: 
(a) 
a Fiscal Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent or Transfer Agent in any particular place, a Paying Agent 
or Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; and 
(d) 
a Paying Agent in a place of payment located outside the United States. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these 
Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it 
upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote 
on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing one 
more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any 
adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved 
Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders at which two or more Persons holding or representing not less than 
three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount 
of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any 
such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such 
other method (which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video 
conference) as the Fiscal Agent may determine in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
(b) 
Modification 
The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders 
to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to 
modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, 
it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further 
notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes.

--- Page 72 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 70 - 
70-41031445 
 
18. 
Notices 
Notices to the Holders of Notes shall be sent to them by first class mail (or its equivalent) or (if 
posted to an overseas address) by airmail at their respective addresses on the Register and, if the 
Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
rules of that exchange so require, notices to Noteholders will be published on the date of such 
mailing in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to 
be the Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) or in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the day after the date of mailing. 
19. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any order or judgment given or made in 
relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same is 
payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining 
an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or 
made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand 
of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of 
exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the 
second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary 
course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid 
to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action. 
20. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent 
being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will 
be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to 
the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
21. 
Redenomination 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 21 is applicable to the Notes only if it is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Notice of redenomination 
If the country of the Specified Currency is, becomes, or announces its intention to become, 
a Participating Member State, the Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, on 
giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents, designate a 
date (the "Redenomination Date"), being an Interest Payment Date under the Notes 
falling on or after the date on which such country becomes a Participating Member State.

--- Page 73 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 71 - 
70-41031445 
 
(c) 
Redenomination 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Conditions, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date: 
(i) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into Euro in the denomination of 
Euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal to the principal amount of 
that Note in the Specified Currency, converted into Euro at the rate for conversion 
of such currency into Euro established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to the Treaty (including compliance with rules relating to rounding in 
accordance with European Union regulations); provided, however, that if the 
Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Fiscal Agent, that then market 
practice in respect of the redenomination into Euro 0.01 of internationally offered 
securities is different from that specified above, such provisions shall be deemed 
to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall 
promptly notify the Noteholders, each stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes 
are then listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
if Notes have been issued in individual certificated form, new Individual Note 
Certificates denominated in Euro will be issued in exchange for Individual Note 
Certificates denominated in the Specified Currency in such manner as the 
Registrar may specify and as shall be notified to Noteholders in the Euro 
Exchange Notice; and 
(iii) 
all payments in respect of the Notes (other than, unless the Redenomination Date 
is on or after such date as the Specified Currency ceases to be a sub-division of 
the Euro, payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date) will be made solely in Euro by cheque drawn on, or by 
credit or transfer to, a Euro account (or any other account to which Euro may be 
credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal 
Financial Centre of any Member State of the European Union. 
(d) 
Interest Determination Date 
If the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date, the Interest Determination Date shall be deemed to be the second 
TARGET Settlement Day before the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
22. 
Consolidation or Merger 
(a) 
The Issuer shall not consolidate with or accept a merger of any other corporation into the 
Issuer or merge into any other corporation, or sell other than for cash or lease, all or 
substantially all its assets to another corporation, except if such sale or lease is to one or 
more of its Subsidiaries, or purchase all or substantially all the assets of another 
corporation unless: 
(i) 
either the Issuer shall be the continuing corporation, or the successor, transferee 
or lessee corporation (if other than the Issuer) shall, by taking such action as may 
be required to be taken were such successor corporation the Substitute (as defined 
in Condition 23) for the purposes of Condition 23, expressly assume the due and 
punctual payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest (including 
all additional interest, if any, payable pursuant to Condition 10) on all the Notes 
and the performance of all the covenants and conditions on the part of the Issuer 
to be performed or observed; and 
(ii) 
immediately after giving effect to such transaction the Issuer or the successor, 
transferee or lessee corporation (if other than the Issuer) is not in default in the 
performance of any covenant or condition in these Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement.

--- Page 74 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 72 - 
70-41031445 
 
A purchase by a Subsidiary of all or substantially all of the assets of another corporation 
shall not be deemed to be a purchase of such assets by the Issuer. 
(b) 
Upon any consolidation with or merger into any other corporation, or any conveyance, 
transfer or lease of the properties and assets of the Issuer substantially as an entity in 
accordance with Condition 22(a) above, the successor corporation formed by such 
consolidation or into which the Issuer is consolidated with or merged into shall succeed 
to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer with the 
same effect as if such successor corporation had been named as the Issuer herein, and 
thereafter, except in the case of a lease, the predecessor corporation shall be relieved of all 
obligations and covenants under these Conditions, the Notes and the Agency Agreement. 
23. 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(a) 
The Issuer may at any time, without the consent of Noteholders, substitute for itself any 
company (the "Substitute") upon notice by such Issuer and the Substitute to be given in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), provided that: 
(i) 
no payment in respect of the Notes is at the relevant time overdue; 
(ii) 
the Substitute shall, by means of a substitution agreement in the form scheduled 
to the Agency Agreement as Schedule 9 (the "Substitution Agreement"), agree 
to indemnify each Noteholder against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental 
charge which is imposed on it by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of 
the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its 
incorporation with respect to any Note and which would not have been so 
imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the 
substitution; 
(iii) 
the Issuer shall execute the Substitution Agreement pursuant to which it shall 
guarantee in favour of each Noteholder the payment of all sums payable by the 
Substitute in respect of the Notes as and when the same shall become due and 
payable (the "Guarantee"); 
(iv) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including 
the obtaining of necessary consents) to ensure that the Substitution Agreement, 
the Agency Agreement and the Notes represent valid, legally binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Substitute are taken, fulfilled and done; 
(v) 
the Substitute shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any 
appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(vi) 
legal opinions shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent from lawyers of 
recognised standing in each jurisdiction referred to in (ii) above and in New York 
as to the fulfilment of the requirements of this Condition 23 and the other matters 
specified in the Substitution Agreement and that the Guarantee is the legal, valid 
and binding obligation of the Issuer and the Substitution Agreement, the Agency 
Agreement and the Notes are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute; 
and 
(vii) 
each stock exchange and/or listing authority to which the Notes have been 
admitted to listing and/or trading shall have confirmed that, following the 
proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Notes will continue to be admitted to 
listing and/or trading by such listing authority and/or stock exchange. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Substitution Agreement and the delivery of the legal opinions, 
the Substitute shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and 
power, of the Issuer under the Notes and the Agency Agreement with the same effect as if 
the Substitute had been named as the Issuer herein, and the Issuer shall be released from 
its obligations as Issuer under these Conditions, the Notes and the Agency Agreement

--- Page 75 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 73 - 
70-41031445 
 
(save for the Guarantee and such obligations that it shall assume under the Agency 
Agreement in its capacity as guarantor). 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 23(a), the Substitute may, without the consent 
of any Noteholder, effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in Condition 
23(a) and 23(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in these Conditions to the 
Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any 
such further Substitute. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 23(a) or 23(c) any Substitute may, without the 
consent of any Noteholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Substitution Agreement and all documents relating to the substitution shall be 
delivered to, and kept by, the Fiscal Agent. Copies of such documents will be available 
free of charge at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
24. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Notes for all purposes are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the 
internal laws of the State of New York. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The Issuer unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that any State or Federal courts sitting 
in the Borough of Manhattan, the City of New York shall have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and accordingly any legal 
action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes ("Proceedings") may 
be brought in such courts. 
(c) 
Non-exclusivity 
The submission to the jurisdiction of the State or Federal courts sitting in the Borough of 
Manhattan, the City of New York shall not (and shall not be construed so as to) limit the 
right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction, 
nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of 
Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent 
permitted by law. 
25. 
De-listing 
Unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall use its best efforts to have 
the Notes of a Series approved for listing on the official list and admission to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to maintain such listing so long as any 
of the Notes of such Series are outstanding, provided, however, that if it is impracticable or 
unduly burdensome, in the good faith determination of the Issuer, to maintain such listing due to 
changes in applicable law or listing requirements occurring after the date of the relevant Final 
Terms, application may be made to de-list such Notes from the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the Issuer shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain an 
alternative admission to listing, trading and/or quotation of such Notes by another listing authority, 
exchange or system within or outside the European Union as it may decide. If such an alternative 
admission is not available or is, in the Issuer's opinion, unduly burdensome, such an alternative 
admission will not be obtained, and the Issuer shall have no further obligation in respect of any 
listing, trading or quotation for such Notes. Notice of any de-listing and/or alternative admission 
will be given pursuant to Condition 18 (Notices). 
26. 
TLAC Eligibility 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes of a Series are intended to qualify 
as eligible long-term debt for purposes of the Federal Reserve's TLAC rule. As a result, in the event 
of a bankruptcy or other resolution proceeding of the Issuer, the Issuer's losses and any losses

--- Page 76 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 74 - 
70-41031445 
 
incurred by its subsidiaries would be imposed first on the Issuer's shareholders and then on its 
unsecured creditors, including the holders of the Notes. Further, in a bankruptcy or other resolution 
proceeding of the Issuer, any value realized by holders of the Notes may not be sufficient to repay 
the amounts owed on the Notes. For more information about the final TLAC rule and its 
consequences for debt securities, you should refer to the section "Managing Global Risk — 
Liquidity Risk — Long-Term Debt — Resolution Plan" and "— Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity 
(TLAC)" in the 2021 Annual Report of the Issuer on Form 10-K.

--- Page 77 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 75 - 
70-41031445 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor")/distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
OR 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR 
[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) 
the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ 
and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under EU MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any ]person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")][distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under EU MiFID II, as 
applicable]. 
OR 
[Insert appropriate MiFID II legend, if required]] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [EU MiFID II / 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II")]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]

--- Page 78 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 76 - 
70-41031445 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
Citigroup Inc. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
U.S.$110,000,000,000 
Programme for the issuance of Euro Medium-Term Notes, Series C 
PART A—CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[These final terms have been prepared for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation") and complete the Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 9 June 
2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
(the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all 
relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
[A summary of the individual issue of Notes described herein is annexed to these Final Terms.] The Base 
Prospectus [, the supplement to the Base Prospectus] and the Final Terms are available for viewing during 
normal business hours at [address] [and] [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] 
[and copies may be obtained (free of charge) from [address]].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
These final terms have been prepared for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation") and complete the Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [18 
March 2016 / 10 April 2017 / 2 May 2018 / 26 April 2019 / 21 April 2020 / 23 April 2021] [as supplemented 
by the supplement[s] dated [insert date] [and] [insert date]] incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus dated 9 June 2022 [and the supplement to the base prospectus dated [•]]. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and must, in order to obtain all relevant information, be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 
9 June 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Full information on 
the Issuer and the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of a combination of these Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 9 June 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [•] and 
[•]]. ]. [A summary of the individual issue of Notes described herein is annexed to these Final Terms.] [The 
Base Prospectuses [, the supplement and the Final Terms are available for viewing during normal business 
hours at [address] and [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] [and copies may 
be obtained (free of charge) from [address].]

--- Page 79 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 77 - 
70-41031445 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number: If fungible with an 
existing Series: 
[•] 
 
(a) 
Issue Date of existing Series: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
of existing Series: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
become Fungible: 
[•] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [•]] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
6. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
[(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[•]] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[•]/The Interest Payment Date falling on or 
nearest to [•] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[EURIBOR/SONIA] +/– [•] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
[Redemption at [•] per cent. of the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount] 
 
 
(N.B. Redemption Price should not be less than 
par) 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Residual Call]

--- Page 80 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 78 - 
70-41031445 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
11. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Subordinated] 
12. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semiannually/quarterly/monthly/oth
er (specify)] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable 
Business 
Centre(s) 
for 
the 
definition of "Business Day"]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Interest Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ISDA)/Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)/other] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Interest Periods: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
[First Interest Payment Date: 
[•]] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following Business Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s)of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[Not Applicable/[•] shall be the Calculation 
Agent] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/Compounded 
SOFR/Compounded SOFR Index]

--- Page 81 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 79 - 
70-41031445 
 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/London 
Banking Days /Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for 
the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Calculation 
Agent) 
 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SONIA 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SONIA Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[•]/[Fifth decimal place]  
 
• 
Relevant Number of Index 
Days: 
[•]/[five]  
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
• 
Rate Cut-Off Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[Not Applicable/[•]]  
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•]  
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•]  
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•]

--- Page 82 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 80 - 
70-41031445 
 
16. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Call) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Make-Whole 
Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Make-Whole Amount: 
 
 
(b) 
Reference Security: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Par Call Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Maturity Date of Similar 
Security: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
[Maturity Date/Par Call Date] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
17. 
Put Option: 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Put) 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[•] 
18. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or other early redemption (other than 
upon an event of default) and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if different 
from that set out in the Conditions): 
[[•] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Not 
Applicable/Alternative Redemption Amount] 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption upon and 
event of default and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if different 
from that set out in the Conditions): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]

--- Page 83 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 81 - 
70-41031445 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
20. 
Form of Notes: 
[Notes] 
 
 
[Global Note exchangeable for Individual 
Note Certificates on [•] days' notice/at any time 
upon Noteholder request/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Global Note] 
 
 
[and 
 
 
Global 
Note 
[(U.S.$/Euro 
[•] 
nominal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS)).]] 
21. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
22. 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
21 (Redenomination)] are applicable] 
23. 
Substitution provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 
23 (Substitution of the Issuer)] are applicable] 
DISTRIBUTION 
24. 
(i) 
If syndicated, names and addresses of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
25. 
If non-syndicated, name and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
26. 
Total commission and concession: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
27. 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may 
be made by the Managers [and [specify, if 
applicable]] other than pursuant to Article 1(4) 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation in [[France], 
[Germany], [The Netherlands], [Republic of 
Ireland], [Spain], [Italy], [the Kingdom of 
Denmark], [Belgium] [,] [Austria] [and] 
[specify other Relevant State(s) — which must 
be jurisdictions where the Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported]] ("Public 
Offer Jurisdictions") during the period from 
[specify date] until [specify date] ("Offer 
Period"). See further "Paragraph 8 of Part B 
below."]

--- Page 84 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 82 - 
70-41031445 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
CITIGROUP INC. 
 
By:  ______________________________________  
Duly authorised

--- Page 85 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 83 - 
70-41031445 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Luxembourg/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/[•]] with effect from [•].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/[•]] with effect from [•].] [Not Applicable.] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Issuer has/The Notes [have received/are 
expected to receive]] the following long-term, 
unsecured, [senior/subordinated] debt ratings: 
 
 
S&P: 
[•] 
 
 
Moody's: 
[•] 
 
 
Fitch: 
[•] 
 
 
[[Other]: 
[•]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk. [The rating [insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of

--- Page 86 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 84 - 
70-41031445 
 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
[relevant competent authority] /[European Securities 
and Markets Authority]. [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk]. [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "CRA 
Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "CRA Regulation 
(UK)").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "CRA Regulation (UK)") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not

--- Page 87 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 85 - 
70-41031445 
 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
is neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk]. [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation (UK)").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the EEA or certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the

--- Page 88 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 86 - 
70-41031445 
 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which 
is established and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the CRA 
Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to 
be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
CRA Regulation (EU) or the CRA Regulation (UK) 
but CRA is certified under the CRA Regulation 
(EU) AND/OR under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or 
the UK nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is 
not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom

--- Page 89 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 87 - 
70-41031445 
 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in either the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
[ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
 
"So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer." 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[•] 
 
 
[[•] (See Use of Proceeds wording in Base Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from making profit 
and/or hedging certain risks will need to include 
those reasons here.)][The Notes are intended to be 
issued as Green Bonds, [further particulars to be 
provided].] [The Notes are intended to be issued as 
Affordable Housing Bonds, [further particulars to be 
provided].] [The Notes are intended to be issued as 
Social Finance Bonds, [further particulars to be 
provided].] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Estimated 
total 
expenses 
[related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading]1: 
[•]  
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only — YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only — HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Not Applicable/Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters/[•]].] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[FISN: 
[•]] 
 
[CFI code: 
[•]] 
 
1 
Insert in the case of a wholesale Issuance.

--- Page 90 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 88 - 
70-41031445 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking S.A., address(es) of alternative 
clearing system, and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
EU Benchmark Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does 
not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name 
of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] [include this 
text for registered notes]] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,] [include this text for registered notes]]. 
Note that this does not mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]

--- Page 91 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 89 - 
70-41031445 
 
8. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the time period, including any 
possible amendments, during which the 
offer will be open: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Categories of potential investors to 
which the Notes are offered and whether 
tranche(s) have been reserved for certain 
countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable. No expenses will be chargeable by 
the Issuer to an Investor in connection with any offer 
of Notes. Any expenses chargeable by an Authorised 
Offeror to an Investor shall be charged in accordance 
with any contractual arrangements agreed between 
the Investor and such Authorised Offeror at the time 
of the relevant offer/[•]./give details] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place: 
[None/give details] 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the offer of the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 92 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 90 - 
70-41031445 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the offer of the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
[ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS – SUMMARY OF THE ISSUE] 
[Base Prospectus summary to be inserted and the options given as placeholders in the Summary to be 
completed in respect of the Notes being issued with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency)]

--- Page 93 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 91 - 
70-41031445 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global Note is for the time 
being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Note is held by or on behalf of a depositary 
or a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper or 
a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an "Accountholder") must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as 
the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such 
Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the 
manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined 
by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant 
clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes 
and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the registered owner of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Global Notes 
Whenever a Global Note is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall procure that 
Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount 
of the Global Note within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the holder of the Global 
Note to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Note 
Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names the 
Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding) 
against the surrender of the Global Note at the specified office of the Registrar. Such exchange will be 
effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the regulations concerning the 
transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to 
any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty of 
whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
1. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Note; 
or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the 
Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the Global Note in accordance with 
the terms of the Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then, at 5.00 pm (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 pm (London time) 
on such due date (in the case of (b) above) the Registrar shall in respect of each Accountholder, enter in the 
Register the name of such Accountholder as the holder in respect of the Global Note in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (or any other relevant clearing system) of such Accountholder's interest in the Global Note. 
To the extent that the Registrar makes such entries in the Register, the holder will have no further rights 
under the Global Note. 
Payment to the Holder of the Global Note in respect of any Notes represented by the Global Note shall 
constitute a discharge of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes to the extent of any such payment and 
nothing shall oblige the Issuer to make any payment under the Notes to or to the order of any person other 
than the Holder of the Global Note.

--- Page 94 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 92 - 
70-41031445 
 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they 
apply to the Global Note. The following is an overview of certain of those provisions: 
Payments 
All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment 
of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding 
liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. 
Exercise of put option 
In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) the 
holder of the Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant 
Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount 
of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may 
not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option 
In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal 
amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be 
selected as provided in the Conditions. The rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of 
the Notes of such Series will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion) 
and/or other clearing system. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Notes are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, such notices shall also be published in a leading 
newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). 
Notices 
Notwithstanding Condition 18 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Global Note that is 
deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so long as such Notes are admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so 
require, notice shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg 
(which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Redenomination 
2. 
If the Notes are redenominated pursuant to Condition 21 (Redenomination), then following 
redenomination: 
(a) 
if Individual Note Certificates are required to be issued, they shall be issued at the expense of the 
Issuer in such denominations as the Registrar shall determine and notify to the Noteholders; and 
(b) 
the amount of interest due in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note will be calculated by 
reference to the aggregate principal amount of such Notes and the amount of such payment shall 
be rounded down to the nearest Euro 0.01.

--- Page 95 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 93 - 
70-41031445 
 
Payment Business Day 
In the case of a Global Note, if the currency of payment is Euro, a "Payment Business Day" shall be any 
day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not Euro, a "Payment 
Business Day" shall be any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre. 
Payment Record Date 
Each payment in respect of a Global Note will be made to the person shown as the Holder in the Register 
at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day before the 
due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on 
which each clearing system for which the Global Note is being held is open for business.

--- Page 96 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 94 - 
70-41031445 
 
EUROPEAN UNION TRANSPARENCY DIRECTIVE 
The European Parliament and the Council have adopted the Transparency Directive on the harmonization 
of transparency requirements relating, inter alia, to disclosure of financial information of issuers whose 
securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Union, such as the "Bourse de 
Luxembourg," the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Transparency Directive has 
been implemented in Luxembourg by the Transparency Law, which principally concerns issuers whose 
home Member State is Luxembourg and who have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Union or the EEA. The Transparency Directive requires issuers, whose securities are 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in any Relevant State, to prepare their consolidated accounts in 
accordance with IFRS; however, the European Commission has determined that U.S. Generally Accepted 
Accounting Principles shall be deemed "equivalent" to IFRS (Commission Decision 2008/961/EC; 
Commission Regulation (EC) No. 1289/2008). If the Transparency Law (and/or any other European or 
national legislation) is interpreted or takes effect in a form that would require the Issuer to publish or 
produce its financial statements according to accounting principles other than U.S. statutory accounting 
principles or that would otherwise impose requirements on the Issuer that it determines in good faith are 
impracticable or unduly burdensome, the Issuer may elect to de-list the Notes. The Issuer will use its 
reasonable efforts to obtain an alternative admission to listing, trading and/or quotation for the Notes by 
another listing authority, exchange and/or system, as it and the relevant Dealers may decide. If such an 
alternative admission is not available to the Issuer, or is, in the Issuer's opinion, unduly burdensome, an 
alternative admission may not be obtained. Notice of any de-listing and/or alternative admission will be 
given as described in Condition 18 (Notices).

--- Page 97 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 95 - 
70-41031445 
 
THE ISSUER 
The Issuer is a global diversified financial services holding company whose businesses provide consumers, 
corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, yet focused, range of financial products and 
services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, 
trade and securities services and wealth management. The Issuer has approximately 200 million customer 
accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. The Issuer's objects and purposes 
are to "engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General 
Corporation Law of Delaware", as stated in the THIRD Article of the Issuer's Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation. As of the first quarter of 2022, the Issuer implemented a change in its operating segments 
and reporting units to reflect its recent strategic refresh (for additional information, see "Strategic Refresh-
Market Exit and Planned Revision to Reporting Structure" in the Issuer’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-
K).  As a result, the Issuer is managed pursuant to three operating segments: Institutional Clients Group, 
Personal Banking and Wealth Management and Legacy Franchises with the remaining operations in 
Corporate/Other.    
 
Citigroup Operating Segments 
Institutional 
Clients Group 
(ICG) 
 
Personal Banking and 
Wealth Management 
(PBWM) 
 
 
Legacy  
Franchises 
• Services 
– Treasury and 
trade solutions 
(TTS) 
– Securities services 
• Markets 
– Equity markets 
– Fixed income markets 
• Banking 
– Investment banking 
– Corporate lending 
• U.S. Personal Banking 
– Cards 
◦ Branded cards 
◦ Retail services 
– Retail banking 
• Global Wealth Management 
(Global Wealth) 
– Private bank 
– Wealth at Work 
– Citigold 
• Asia 
Consumer 
Banking 
(Asia 
Consumer) 
– Retail banking and 
cards for the 13 exit 
markets (Australia, 
Bahrain, China, 
India, Indonesia, 
Korea, Malaysia, the 
Philippines, Poland, 
Russia, Taiwan, 
Thailand, Vietnam) 
• Mexico Consumer 
Banking (Mexico 
Consumer) and 
Mexico Small Business 
and Middle-Market 
Banking (Mexico 
SBMM) 
– Retail banking and 
cards 
• Legacy Holdings Assets 
– Certain North 
America consumer 
mortgage loans 
– Other legacy assets

--- Page 98 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 96 - 
70-41031445 
 
 
 
The following are the four regions in which the Issuer operates. The regional results are fully reflected in 
the operating segments and Corporate/Other above. 
 
(1)  North America includes the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico, Latin America includes Mexico and Asia includes Japan. 
The Issuer's principal subsidiaries are Citibank, N.A., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Grupo Financiero 
Banamex, S.A. de C.V., each of which is a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of the Issuer. 
The Issuer is a holding company and relies on interest, dividends, distributions and other payments from 
its subsidiaries to fund dividends as well as to satisfy its debt and other obligations. Several of the Issuer's 
U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries are or may be subject to capital adequacy or other regulatory or contractual 
restrictions on their ability to provide such payments, including any local regulatory stress test 
requirements. The Issuer's subsidiaries may be subject to credit agreements that also may restrict their 
ability to pay dividends. The Issuer currently believes that none of these regulatory or contractual 
restrictions on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends will affect the Issuer's ability to service its own 
debt. The Issuer must also maintain the required capital levels of a bank holding company that is a global 
systemically important bank. Under capital regulations, the Issuer must submit a capital plan, subjected to 
stress testing, to the Federal Reserve, and have its stress capital buffer determined annually, before it may 
pay dividends on its stock. 
The Issuer is required under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
of 2010 ("Dodd-Frank Act") and the rules promulgated by the FDIC and Federal Reserve (together, the 
"Agencies") to periodically submit a plan for the Issuer's rapid and orderly resolution under the U.S. 
Bankruptcy Code in the event of material financial distress or failure. The eight U.S. global systemically 
important banks, including the Issuer, filed their most recent resolution plans with the Agencies on 1 July 
2021. The Issuer will alternate between a submitting a full resolution plan and a targeted resolution plan on 
a biennial cycle. For additional information on the Issuer's resolution plan submissions, see "Managing 
Global Risk — Liquidity Risk — Long-Term Debt — Resolution Plan" and "—Total Loss-Absorbing 
Capacity (TLAC)" in the 2021 Report. The Issuer's preferred resolution strategy is "single point of entry" 
under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 
Under the Issuer's resolution plan, only the Issuer, the parent holding company, would enter into 
bankruptcy, while the Issuer's material legal entities (as defined in the public section of its 2021 resolution 
plan, which can be found on the Agencies' websites) would remain operational and outside of any resolution 
or insolvency proceedings. The Issuer's resolution plan has been designed to minimize the risk of systemic 
impact to the U.S. and global financial systems, while maximizing the value of the bankruptcy estate for 
the benefit of the Issuer's creditors, including its unsecured long-term debt holders. In addition, in line with 
the Federal Reserve's final total loss-absorbing capacity ("TLAC") rule, the Issuer believes it has developed 
the resolution plan so that the Issuer's shareholders and unsecured creditors - including the holders of the 
Citigroup Regions(1)

--- Page 99 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 97 - 
70-41031445 
 
securities being offered by this Base Prospectus – bear any losses resulting from the Issuer's bankruptcy. 
Accordingly, any value realized by holders of any of the securities offered by this Base Prospectus may not 
be sufficient to repay the amounts owed on such securities in the event of a bankruptcy or other resolution 
proceeding of the Issuer. Claims of holders of the debt securities offered by this Base Prospectus and other 
debt securities of the Issuer would have a junior position to the claims of creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries 
and to the claims of priority (as determined by statute) and secured creditors of the Issuer. Accordingly, in 
a resolution of the Issuer under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, holders of the debt securities 
offered by this Base Prospectus and other debt securities of the Issuer would realize value only to the extent 
available to the Issuer as a shareholder of its subsidiaries, and only after any claims of priority and secured 
creditors of the Issuer have been fully repaid. If the Issuer were to enter into a resolution, none of the Issuer 
or the Agencies is obligated to follow the Issuer's preferred resolution strategy under its resolution plan.  
For more information about the final TLAC rule and its consequences for debt securities, you should refer 
to the sections "Managing Global Risk — Liquidity Risk — Long-Term Debt — Resolution Plan" and "—
Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)" in the 2021 Report. 
3. 
As previously disclosed, in response to feedback received from the Agencies, the Issuer took the 
following actions: 
(a) 
Citicorp LLC ("Citicorp"), an existing wholly owned subsidiary of the Issuer, was established 
as an intermediate holding company (an "IHC") for certain of the Issuer's operating material legal 
entities; 
(b) 
the Issuer executed an inter-affiliate agreement with Citicorp, the Issuer's operating material 
legal entities and certain other affiliated entities pursuant to which Citicorp is required to provide 
liquidity and capital support to the Issuer's operating material legal entities in the event the 
Issuer were to enter bankruptcy proceedings (the "Citi Support Agreement"); 
(c) 
pursuant to the Citi Support Agreement: 
(i) 
the Issuer made an initial contribution of assets, including certain high-quality liquid assets 
and inter-affiliate loans (the "Contributable Assets"), to Citicorp, and Citicorp became 
the business as usual funding vehicle for the Issuer's operating material legal entities; 
(ii) 
the Issuer will be obligated to continue to transfer Contributable Assets to Citicorp 
over time, subject to certain amounts retained by the Issuer to, among other things, 
meet the Issuer's near-term cash needs; 
(iii) 
in the event of an Issuer bankruptcy, the Issuer will be required to contribute most of its 
remaining assets to Citicorp; and 
(d) 
the obligations of both the Issuer and Citicorp under the Citi Support Agreement, as well as the 
Contributable Assets, are secured pursuant to a security agreement. 
The Citi Support Agreement provides two mechanisms, besides Citicorp's issuing of dividends to the Issuer, 
pursuant to which Citicorp will be required to transfer cash to the Issuer during business as usual so that 
the Issuer can fund its debt service – including payments due on the securities being offered by this Base 
Prospectus – as well as other operating needs: (i) one or more funding notes issued by Citicorp to the Issuer; 
and (ii) a committed line of credit under which Citicorp may make loans to the Issuer. 
In addition to the Issuer's required Title I Resolution Plan, Title II of Dodd-Frank grants the FDIC the 
authority, under certain circumstances, to resolve systemically important financial institutions, including 
the Issuer. This resolution authority is commonly referred to as the FDIC's "orderly liquidation authority." 
Under the FDIC's stated preferred "single point of entry" strategy for such resolution, the bank holding 
company (the Issuer) would be placed in receivership; the unsecured long-term debt and shareholders of 
the parent holding company would bear any losses; the FDIC would use its power to create a "bridge entity" 
for Citigroup; transfer the systemically important and viable parts of its business, principally the stock of 
Citigroup's main operating subsidiaries and any intercompany claims against such subsidiaries, to the 
bridge entity; and recapitalize the operating subsidiaries using assets of Citigroup that have been transferred 
to the bridge entity and exchange external debt claims against Citigroup for equity in the bridge entity. 
Under this Title II resolution strategy, the value of the stock of the bridge entity that would be redistributed 
to holders of the debt securities offered by use of this Base Prospectus and other debt securities of Citigroup

--- Page 100 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 98 - 
70-41031445 
 
may not be sufficient to repay all or part of the principal amount and interest on the debt securities and 
those other securities. Any of the securities being offered by this Base Prospectus may be fully subordinated 
to interests held by the U.S. government in the event of a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar 
proceeding with respect to the Issuer, including a proceeding under the "orderly liquidity authority" 
provisions of Dodd-Frank. To date, the FDIC has not formally adopted a single point of entry resolution 
strategy and it is not obligated to follow such a strategy in a Title II resolution of the Issuer. 
Under the regulations of the Federal Reserve, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source of 
financial strength for its U.S. insured depository institution subsidiaries. As a result of this regulatory 
policy, the Federal Reserve might require the Issuer to commit resources to its U.S. insured depository 
institution subsidiaries when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of the Issuer or its shareholders or 
creditors, reducing the amount of funds available to meet its obligations. 
The Issuer has been assigned long-term unsecured senior debt ratings of "BBB+" by Standard & Poor's, 
"A3" by Moody's Investors Service and "A" by Fitch, and long-term unsecured subordinated debt ratings 
of "BBB" by Standard & Poor's, "Baa2" by Moody's Investors Service and "BBB+" by Fitch. None of 
Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors Service and Fitch is a credit rating agency established in the EU or 
registered in the EU under the CRA Regulation. The list of registered and certified credit rating agencies 
may be accessed at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
The principal office for the Issuer is located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013 with telephone 
number (001) 212 559 1000. The Issuer was established as a corporation incorporated in Delaware on 8 
March 1988 with perpetual duration pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law under certificate 
no. 2154254. The Issuer's authorized capital stock consists of 6 billion shares of common stock and 30 
million shares of preferred stock. As of 31 December 2021, the Issuer had a total issued capital of $201,972 
million including 1,984,355,194 fully paid common stock shares issued and outstanding and 759,800 
preferred stock shares issued and outstanding. A common stock share carries one vote, and no pre-emptive 
or other subscription rights or conversion rights. A preferred stock share carries no general voting rights. 
All of the Issuer's common stock and preferred stock are primarily held in book entry form. Under U.S. 
law, no shareholder has to declare its holdings of voting equity in the Issuer unless it beneficially owns 5 
per cent. or more of the outstanding shares. To the Issuer's knowledge, no person has exceeded the 5 per 
cent. threshold other than BlackRock, Inc., which has disclosed its ownership of 8.1 per cent. of the common 
stock as of 31 December 2021, and The Vanguard Group, which has disclosed its ownership of 8.31 per 
cent. of the common stock as of 31 December 2021.

--- Page 101 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 99 - 
70-41031445 
 
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF CITIGROUP INC. 
The members of the board of directors of Citigroup are: 
Board of Directors 
Main duties outside the Issuer 
Jane Fraser ........................................  
— 
Ellen M. Costello..............................  
Former President and CEO, BMO Financial Corporation and 
Former U.S. Country Head of BMO Financial Group 
Grace E. Dailey ................................  
Former Senior Deputy Comptroller for Bank Supervision Policy 
and Chief National Bank Examiner, Office of the Comptroller 
of the Currency (OCC) 
Barbara Desoer 
— 
John C. Dugan 
— 
Duncan P. Hennes ............................  
Co-Founder and Partner, Atrevida Partners, LLC 
Peter Blair Henry ..............................  
Dean Emeritus and W.R. Berkley Professor of Economics and 
Finance, New York University Stern School of Business 
S. Leslie Ireland................................  
Former Assistant Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, U.S. 
Department of the Treasury 
Lew W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV ..................  
Former President and Managing Director, Pacific Investment 
Management Company LLC (PIMCO) 
Renée J. James .................................  
Founder, Chairman and CEO, Ampere Computing 
Gary M. Reiner .................................  
Operating Partner, General Atlantic LLC 
Diana L. Taylor ................................  
Former Superintendent of Banks, State of New York 
James S. Turley ................................  
Former Chairman and CEO, Ernst & Young 
Deborah C. Wright ...........................  
Former Chairman, Carver Bancorp, Inc. 
Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León ........  
Director, Center for the Study of Globalization; Professor in the 
Field of International Economics and Politics, Yale University 
The executive officers of Citigroup are: Peter Babej, Titi Cole, Nadir Darrah, Jane Nind Fraser, Sunil Garg, 
David Livingstone, Mark Mason, Brent McIntosh, Mary McNiff, Karen Peetz, Anand Selva, Edward 
Skyler, Ernesto Torres Cantú, Zdenek Turek, Sara Wechter, Mike Whitaker and Paco Ybarra. The business 
address of each director and executive officer of Citigroup in such capacities is 388 Greenwich Street, New 
York, New York 10013. 
The Issuer is not aware of any conflicts of interest between the private interests and other duties of its senior 
management and the interests of the Issuer that would be material in the context of any issuance of Notes. 
The Issuer is in compliance with laws and regulations of the United States relating to corporate governance. 
Committees of the Board of Directors 
The standing committees of Citigroup's board of directors are: 
The audit committee, which assists the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to (i) the 
integrity of Citigroup's financial statements, financial reporting process and systems of internal accounting 
and financial controls; (ii) the performance of the internal audit function; (iii) the annual independent 
integrated audit of Citigroup's consolidated financial statements and effectiveness of Citigroup's internal 
control over financial reporting, the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm and

--- Page 102 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 100 - 
70-41031445 
 
the evaluation of the independent registered public accounting firm's qualifications, independence and 
performance; (iv) policy standards and guidelines for risk assessment and risk management; (v) Citigroup's 
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, including Citigroup's disclosure controls and 
procedures; and (vi) the fulfilment of the other responsibilities set out in the Audit Committee's charter. 
The members of the audit committee are Ellen M. Costello, Grace E. Dailey, John C. Dugan, Duncan P. 
Hennes, Renee J. James, James S. Turley and Deborah C. Wright. 
The risk management committee, which assists the board in fulfilling its responsibility for (i) oversight of 
Citigroup's risk management framework, including the significant policies, procedures and practices used 
in managing credit, market, operational and certain other risks; (ii) oversight of Citigroup's policies and 
practices relating to funding risk, liquidity risk and price risk, which constitute significant components of 
market risk, and risks pertaining to capital management; and (iii) oversight of the performance of the 
Fundamental Credit Risk credit review function. 
The members of the risk management committee are Ellen M. Costello, Grace E. Dailey, Barbara Desoer, 
John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes and James S. Turley. 
The personnel and compensation committee, which is responsible for determining the compensation for 
the Chief Executive Officer and approving the compensation of other executive officers and other members 
of senior management. The Committee is also responsible for approving the incentive compensation 
structure for other members of senior management and certain highly compensated employees (including 
discretionary incentive awards to covered employees as defined in applicable bank regulatory guidance), 
in accordance with guidelines established by the committee from time to time. The committee also has 
broad oversight of compliance with bank regulatory guidance governing Citigroup's incentive 
compensation. 
The members of the personnel and compensation committee are John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes, Lew 
W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV, Renee J. James, Gary M. Reiner and Diana L. Taylor. 
The nomination, governance and public affairs committee is responsible for (i) identifying individuals 
qualified to become Board members and recommending to the Board the director nominees for the next 
annual meeting of stockholders; (ii) leading the Board in its annual review of the Board's performance; (iii) 
recommending to the Board directors as to the composition for each committee for appointment by the 
Board; (iv) shaping corporate governance policies and practices and monitoring Citigroup's compliance 
with such policies and practices; and (v) reviewing and approving all related party transactions. The 
committee also has responsibility for reviewing political and charitable contributions made by Citigroup 
and the Citigroup Foundation, reviewing Citigroup's policies and practices regarding supplier diversity, 
reviewing Citigroup's business practices and reviewing Citigroup's sustainability policies and programs, 
including environmental, climate change and human rights. 
The members of the nomination, governance and public affairs committee are John C. Dugan, Peter B. 
Henry, Lew W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV, Gary M. Reiner, Diana L. Taylor, Deborah C. Wright and Ernesto Zedillo 
Ponce de León. 
The executive committee is responsible for acting on behalf of the Board if a matter requires Board action 
before a meeting of the full Board can be held. 
The members of the executive committee are John C. Dugan, Barbara Desoer, Duncan P. Hennes, Peter B. 
Henry, Lew W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV, Diana L. Taylor and James S. Turley. 
The ethics and culture committee is responsible for (i) oversight of management's efforts to foster a culture 
of ethics within the organization; (ii) oversight and shaping the definition of Citigroup's value proposition; 
(iii) oversight of management's efforts to enhance and communicate Citigroup's value proposition, 
evaluating management's progress, and providing feedback on these efforts; (iv) reviewing and assessing 
the culture of the organization to determine if further enhancements are needed to foster ethical 
decision-making by employees; (v) oversight of management's efforts to support ethical decision-making 
in the organization, evaluating management's progress, and providing feedback on these efforts; and (vi) 
reviewing Citigroup's Code of Conduct and the Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals. 
The members of the ethics and culture committee are Peter B. Henry, S. Leslie Ireland, Lew W. (Jay) 
Jacobs, IV, Deborah C. Wright and Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León.

--- Page 103 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 101 - 
70-41031445 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The following tables set out selected financial information for the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
Such information is derived from the consolidated audited financial statements of the Issuer contained in 
the Issuer's Annual Reports for the years ended 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019. 
 
At or for the year ended 31 December, 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(millions of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) 
Income Statement Data: 
 
 
 
Total revenues, net of interest expense ............................................  
$71,884 
$75,501 
$75,067 
Income from continuing operations .................................................  
22,018 
11,107 
19,471 
Net income (loss) ............................................................................  
21,952 
11,047 
19,401 
Dividends declared per common share ...............................................  
2.04 
2.04 
1.92 
Balance Sheet Data: 
 
 
 
Total assets ......................................................................................  
$2,291,413 
$2,260,090 
$1,951,158 
Total deposits ..................................................................................  
$1,317,230 
1,280,671 
1,070,590 
Long-term debt ................................................................................  
254,374 
271,686 
248,760 
Total stockholders' equity .............................................................  
201,972 
199,442 
193,242

--- Page 104 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 102 - 
70-41031445 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain U.S. tax considerations relating to the Notes. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in the U.S. or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax 
laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions (including the impact 
on the income received from the Notes) under the tax laws of those countries (including the investor's 
jurisdiction and the Issuer's country of incorporation). This summary is based upon the law as in effect on 
the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
United States Taxation 
United States Tax Considerations 
General 
The following is a general summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership, and disposition of Notes by Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below) that acquire Notes at their 
original issuance and that hold the Notes as "capital assets" (generally, property held for investment) within 
the meaning of Section 1221 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). This 
discussion is a summary for general information only and does not purport to address all U.S. federal tax 
matters that may be relevant to the purchase, ownership, and disposition of any Notes to a particular 
Noteholder. 
This summary is based on the Code, U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, and judicial and 
administrative interpretations thereof, in each case, as in effect and available on the date hereof. All of the 
foregoing are subject to change, which change could apply retroactively and could affect the tax 
consequences described below. Further, this summary does not describe any tax consequences arising out 
of the tax laws of any state, local or foreign jurisdiction. Prospective investors should consult their tax 
advisors concerning the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of an investment in the Notes 
in light of their own particular circumstances. 
No opinion of counsel or United States Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") ruling has been or will be sought 
regarding any matter discussed herein, and no assurance can be given that the IRS would not assert, or that 
a court would not sustain, a position contrary to any of those set forth below. The United States federal 
income tax consequences applicable to any Tranche of the Notes will depend upon the final terms of such 
Notes, which may affect the consequences described below. 
A "Non-U.S. Holder" is a beneficial owner of a Note that is not a United States Person. As used here, the 
term "United States Person" means (i) a citizen or individual resident of the United States, (ii) a 
corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes) created 
or organised in or under the laws of the United States or any political sub-division thereof or therein 
(including the District of Columbia), (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal 
income taxation regardless of its source, and (iv) a trust, if (a) a court within the United States is able to 
exercise primary supervision over its administration and one or more United States Persons (as defined in 
the Code) have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (b) the trust has made a valid 
election under U.S. Treasury Regulations to be treated as a United States Person. 
A "U.S.-Controlled Person" is (i) a controlled foreign corporation for United States federal income tax 
purposes, (ii) a foreign person 50 per cent. or more of whose gross income is effectively connected with 
the conduct of a trade or business within the United States for a specified three-year period, and (iii) a 
foreign partnership that is engaged in the conduct of a trade or business within the United States or more 
than 50 per cent. of the income or capital interests in which are held by United States Persons. 
If a partnership holds Notes, the United States federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally 
depend on the status of the partner and the tax treatment of the partnership. A partner in a partnership 
holding the Notes should consult its tax advisor with regard to the United States federal income tax 
treatment of its investment in the Notes.

--- Page 105 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 103 - 
70-41031445 
 
Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders of Notes 
Subject to the discussion below under FATCA Legislation May Impose Withholding Tax on Notes Held by 
or through Foreign Entities, under current U.S. federal income tax law, payment on a Note by the Issuer or 
any Paying Agent to a Non-U.S. Holder should not be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax, 
provided that, with respect to payments of interest, (1) the Non-U.S. Holder does not actually or 
constructively own 10 per cent. or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the 
Issuer entitled to vote, (2) the Non-U.S. Holder is not (i) a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes that is related to the Issuer through stock ownership or (ii) a bank extending credit 
pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business, (3) such interest 
payments are not effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business of the Non-U.S. Holder 
within the United States (and, if an applicable treaty so requires, are not attributable to a permanent 
establishment in the United States maintained by such Non-U.S. Holder), (4) such interest is not contingent 
on the Issuer's profits, revenues or changes in the value of its property and is not otherwise excluded from 
the definition of "portfolio interest" by Section 871(h)(4) of the Code, and (5) either (i) the Non-U.S. Holder 
provides a statement (generally on IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, as applicable) signed under penalties 
of perjury that certifies that it is a Non-U.S. Holder in compliance with applicable requirements and the 
withholding agent does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that the beneficial owner is a United 
States Person. 
A Note should not be subject to United States federal estate tax as a result of the death of a holder who is 
not a citizen or resident of the United States at the time of death, provided that (i) such holder did not at 
the time of death actually or constructively own 10 per cent. or more of the combined voting power of all 
classes of stock of the Issuer and (ii) at the time of such holder's death, payments of interest on such Note 
would not have been effectively connected with the conduct by such holder of a trade or business in the 
United States. 
Additionally, a Non-U.S. Holder of a Note should not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on gain realised 
on the sale, exchange, redemption, or other taxable disposition of such Note unless (1) the gain is effectively 
connected with the conduct of a trade or business of the Non-U.S. Holder within the United States (and, if 
an applicable treaty so requires, is attributable to a permanent establishment in the United States maintained 
by such Non-U.S. Holder), or (2) such Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who is present in the United States 
for 183 days or more during the taxable year and certain other requirements are met. 
Non-U.S. Holders engaged in the conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if an 
applicable treaty so requires, that maintain a permanent establishment within the United States) should be 
subject to United States federal income tax on a net income basis in the same manner as a United States 
Person on any payment on a Note or any gain recognized on the sale, exchange, redemption, or other taxable 
disposition of a Note to the extent such payment or gain is effectively connected with such trade or business 
(and, if an applicable treaty so requires, is attributable to such permanent establishment). In addition, a 
Non-U.S. Holder that is a foreign corporation engaged in a trade or business in the United States may be 
subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30 per cent. (or lower treaty rate, if applicable) on its earnings and 
profits that are effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business within the United States. 
FATCA Legislation May Impose Withholding Tax on Notes Held by or through Foreign Entities 
Under certain provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment (HIRE) Act and associated 
Treasury Regulations and IRS guidance (such provisions, regulations, and guidance commonly known as 
"FATCA"), a Non-U.S. Holder of a Note will be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax at the 
rate of 30 per cent. on payments of interest, if (i) the holder is, or holds the Note through, certain foreign 
financial institutions (including investment funds), unless such institution enters into an agreement with the 
Treasury to report, on an annual basis, information with respect to interests in, and accounts maintained by, 
the institution to the extent such interests or accounts are held by certain United States Persons and by 
certain non-U.S. entities that are wholly or partially owned by United States Persons and to withhold on 
certain payments, or (ii) the holder is a non-financial foreign entity, unless such entity either certifies to the 
Issuer that such entity does not have any "substantial United States owners" or provides certain information 
regarding the entity's "substantial United States owners", which the Issuer will in turn provide to the IRS. 
An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and an applicable foreign country, or future 
Treasury Regulations, may modify these requirements. Under the rules described above, FATCA applies 
to debt securities, including the Notes. The Issuer will not be required to pay additional amounts, as

--- Page 106 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 104 - 
70-41031445 
 
described under Condition 11 (Taxation), for any FATCA withholding applicable to the Notes. Holders 
should consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of FATCA to the Notes. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
U.S. information reporting requirements and backup withholding tax generally should not apply to any 
payment by the Issuer or any Paying Agent on a Note owned by a Non-U.S. Holder if the certification 
requirements described under Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders of Notes above are satisfied. Payment in 
respect of a Note by the United States office of a custodian, nominee, or other agent of the Non-U.S. Holder 
of such Note may be subject to such information reporting requirements and backup withholding tax unless 
the Non-U.S. Holder certifies its non-U.S. status under penalties of perjury or otherwise establishes an 
exemption. 
U.S. information reporting requirements and backup withholding tax should not apply to any payment of 
the proceeds of the sale of a Note effected outside the United States by a foreign office of a foreign "broker" 
(as defined in applicable Treasury Regulations), provided that such broker is neither a United States Person 
nor a U.S.-Controlled Person. Payment of the proceeds of the sale of a Note effected outside the United 
States by a foreign office of any other broker should not be subject to backup withholding tax, but may be 
subject to information reporting requirements unless such broker has documentary evidence in its records 
that the Non-U.S. Holder is not a United States Person and certain other conditions are met, or the Non-U.S. 
Holder otherwise establishes an exemption. Payment of the proceeds of a sale of a Note by the United States 
office of a broker may be subject to information reporting requirements and backup withholding tax unless 
the Non-U.S. Holder certifies its non-U.S. status under penalties of perjury or otherwise establishes an 
exemption. 
Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules 
may be refunded or credited against the holder's United States federal income tax liability, if any, provided 
that the holder timely provides the required information to the IRS. 
THE U.S. FEDERAL TAX DISCUSSION SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT BE APPLICABLE 
DEPENDING UPON A HOLDER'S PARTICULAR SITUATION. HOLDERS SHOULD 
CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO 
THEM OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES, INCLUDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES 
UNDER STATE, LOCAL, FOREIGN, AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND THE POSSIBLE EFFECTS 
OF CHANGES IN FEDERAL OR OTHER TAX LAWS. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
The European Commission has published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a Directive for a 
common financial transactions tax ("FTT") in Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, 
Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to 
certain dealings in the Notes in certain circumstances 
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
The FTT remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States and the legality of the 
proposal is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains 
unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate and/or certain of the participating Member 
States may decide to withdraw. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 107 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 105 - 
70-41031445 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to Citigroup Global Markets Limited (Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom) and to any other Dealer appointed 
from time to time under the Dealer Agreement (as defined below) (the "Dealers") or to any other purchaser. 
The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
purchased by, Dealers (or other purchasers) are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated on or about 18 March 
2016 (as amended and/or restated from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the 
Issuer and the Dealers. Such agreement will make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the 
relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or 
other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America 
Regulation S Category 2 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S Persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering of Notes of the same Tranche and the date of issue thereof or (iii) in the 
event of a distribution of a Tranche that is fungible therewith, from the earlier of the commencement of the 
offering of such fungible Tranche and the date of issue thereof until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering of such fungible Tranche and the date of issue within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S Persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each distributor, dealer 
or person to which it sells Notes during the Initial Distribution Compliance Period relating thereto a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S Persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
4. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the

--- Page 108 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 106 - 
70-41031445 
 
public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member 
State: 
(a) 
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in relation to the Notes specify 
that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that 
Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus which is not a 
Drawdown Prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such 
Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicablei and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in 3.3 (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
The Public Offer Selling Restriction under the EU Prospectus Regulation is in addition to any other selling 
restrictions set forth below. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors: 
5. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018554 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an

--- Page 109 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 107 - 
70-41031445 
 
offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of The UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
6. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale,

--- Page 110 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 108 - 
70-41031445 
 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
The Netherlands 
7. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto, to the 
public in The Netherlands, unless such offer is made exclusively to legal entities which are qualified 
investors (as defined in Article 1:1 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act, Wet op het financieel toezicht), 
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expressions (i) an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in The Netherlands and (ii) "EU Prospectus Regulation" have the meaning given to them above in 
the paragraph headed with Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Belgium 
The section headed "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and "Public Offer Selling Restriction 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation" above is applicable in respect of sales to investors in Belgium. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not advertised, offered, sold or delivered and will not 
advertise, offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes to any Belgian Consumers, and has not 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, any prospectus, 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or 
indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. For these purposes, a "Belgian Consumer" has the meaning provided 
by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van 
economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit économique), being any natural person resident or 
located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, 
in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each 
country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession 
or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed General 
above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification will be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or 
modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or (in any other case) in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 111 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 109 - 
70-41031445 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds it receives from the sale of Notes for general corporate purposes, which 
may include capital contributions to its subsidiaries and/or the reduction or refinancings of borrowings of 
the Issuer or its subsidiaries. The Issuer expects to incur additional indebtedness in the future. 
Notes may be issued as green bonds ("Green Bonds") or Notes for which it is the Issuer's intention to apply 
the offering proceeds specifically to fund the financing or refinancing of Eligible Green Assets (as defined 
in the relevant Final Terms), in whole or in part, in each case where the use of such funds supports the 
Issuer's sustainable progress strategy. The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the Notes are 
intended to constitute Green Bonds and will provide additional information in relation to the intended use 
of proceeds in respect of any Green Bonds. For more information, see "Green Bonds" below. 
Notes may be issued as affordable housing bonds ("Affordable Housing Bonds") or Notes for which it is 
the Issuer's intention to apply the offering proceeds specifically to fund the financing or refinancing of 
Affordable Housing Assets (as defined in the relevant Final Terms), in whole or in part, in each case where 
the use of such funds supports the Issuer's sustainable progress strategy. The relevant Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the Notes are intended to constitute Affordable Housing Bonds and will provide 
additional information in relation to the intended use of proceeds in respect of any Affordable Housing 
Bonds. For more information, see "Affordable Housing Bonds" below. 
Notes may be issued as social finance bonds ("Social Finance Bonds") or Notes for which it is the Issuer's 
intention to apply the offering proceeds specifically to fund the financing or refinancing of Social Finance 
Assets (as defined in the relevant Final Terms), in whole or in part, in each case where the use of such funds 
supports the Issuer's sustainable progress strategy. The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not 
the Notes are intended to constitute Social Finance Bonds and will provide additional information in 
relation to the intended use of proceeds in respect of any Social Finance Bonds. For more information, see 
"Social Finance Bonds" below. 
The frameworks and opinions provided below are not incorporated by reference and do not form part this 
Base Prospectus. No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party. 
Green Bonds 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount equal to the net proceeds of the sale of the Notes will 
be allocated exclusively to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets, which refers to 
loans and/or investments made by the Issuer and its affiliates ("Citi") for assets or projects that meet Citi’s 
Green Bond Eligibility Criteria (as defined below) in accordance with Citi’s Green Bond Green Bond 
Framework 
(the 
"Green 
Bond 
Framework") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.citigroup.com/citi/fixedincome/data/Citi-green-bond-framework.pdf?ieNocache=45). 
Citi 
has developed  the Green Bond Framework for the Notes issuances in order to finance projects that 
contribute to climate change mitigation as well as projects that promote sustainable infrastructure. The 
Green Bond Framework has received a "second party opinion" by an independent consultant.  
Eligible Green Projects 
Citi’s "Green Bond Eligibility Criteria" reflect good practices for supporting the transition to a low-carbon 
economy through projects in one or more of the following areas: 
1. 
renewable energy including land acquisition and leasing, purchase of renewable energy 
applications and technologies and associated equipment, construction work, maintenance work, 
equipment manufacturing and energy storage; 
2. 
energy efficiency including warehouse facilities for residential energy efficiency loans, municipal 
district heating projects, commercial and residential energy efficiency projects and consumer 
finance companies that provide residential energy efficiency loans; 
3. 
sustainable transportation including building or operating mass transit and creating or constructing 
infrastructure to support mass transit;

--- Page 112 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 110 - 
70-41031445 
 
4. 
water quality and conservation including installation or upgrade of water treatment infrastructure, 
installation or upgrade of water capture and storage infrastructure, installation or upgrade of water 
irrigation systems and water metering activities to support conservation initiatives; and  
5. 
green building including financing of existing or new construction or renovation of residential and 
commercial buildings that earn any of the following certifications: LEED Gold, LEED Platinum, 
or the Living Building Challenge. 
Citi has developed a list of exclusionary criteria (the "Green Exclusionary Criteria") for the use of the 
proceeds from the sale of the Notes. Citi commits itself to not knowingly be involved in financing any of 
the following projects or activities through the proceeds of this offering: 
1. 
large-scale hydropower plants that have a generation capacity of over 15MW;  
2. 
nuclear power plants; or 
3. 
fossil fuel projects, including refined or alternative coal technologies, gas-to-liquid projects and  
natural gas projects. 
Project Evaluation and Selection Process 
Citi’s specialist teams, including the Sustainability & ESG team, formerly known as the Corporate 
Sustainability team, and the Environmental and Social Risk Management ("ESRM") teams, are responsible 
for screening potential eligible assets against the Green Bond Eligibility Criteria. Once screened, Eligible 
Green Assets will be added to a single pool that Citi maintains (the "Green Bond Asset Portfolio"). 
Citi’s selection process for the Eligible Green Assets takes into account whether the potential eligible asset 
meets the Green Bond Eligibility Criteria for inclusion in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio. Additionally, 
each Eligible Green Asset is reviewed to ensure compliance with Citi’s ESRM policies. If Citi’s investment 
in any asset in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio is terminated or if an asset no longer meets the Green Bond 
Eligibility Criteria, Citi’s Corporate Sustainability & ESG and ESRM teams will remove the asset from the 
Green Bond Asset Portfolio. 
Management of Proceeds 
Citi’s Green Bond Working Group is responsible for oversight of the Green Bond Asset Portfolio, and its 
responsibilities include monitoring the total aggregate amount of Green Bonds issued, including the Notes. 
The group meets quarterly aiming to ensure that the aggregate amount in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio 
is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount raised by Green Bonds. For this purpose, the aggregate size 
and maturity of the Green Bond Asset Portfolio is monitored quarterly. 
If for any reason the aggregate amount in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio is less than the total outstanding 
amount of Green Bonds issued, Citi will hold the unallocated amount in cash, cash equivalents and/or other 
liquid marketable instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) in Citi’s liquidity portfolio until the 
amount can be allocated towards the Green Bond Asset Portfolio.  
Reporting 
Citi will include reporting on this issuance in an annual report (the "Green Bond Report") on its website 
within a year from issuance of the Notes and will renew it annually until full allocation and in case of any 
material changes. The Green Bond Report will detail the total amount of assets in the Green Bond Asset 
Portfolio and the total outstanding amount raised by Green Bond issuances, including the Notes.  
Furthermore, the Green Bond Report will provide details of eligible assets within the Green Bond Asset 
Portfolio along with the Issuer’s financial commitments to each asset; the total amount of unallocated 
proceeds, if any; and environmental impacts of the Green Bond Asset Portfolio to the extent it is practical 
to do so.  
Citi will engage external independent accountants to review that the assets included in the Green Bond 
Asset Portfolio meet the Green Bond Eligibility Criteria and are not invested in assets as defined by the 
Green Exclusionary Criteria. Further, the independent accountants have been engaged to review that the 
aggregate amount in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount raised

--- Page 113 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 111 - 
70-41031445 
 
by Green Bonds, and to the extent the total amount of the outstanding bonds is less than the aggregate 
amount in the Green Bond Asset Portfolio, the difference will be held in cash, cash equivalents and/or other 
liquid marketable instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) in Citi’s liquidity portfolio.  
Affordable Housing Bonds 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount equal to the net proceeds of the sale of the Notes will 
be allocated exclusively to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Affordable Housing Assets, which 
refers to loans and/or investments made by Citi for assets or projects that meet Citi’s Affordable Housing 
Bond Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria (as defined below) in accordance with the Citi Social Bond 
Affordable Housing Bond Framework for Affordable Housing (the "Affordable Housing Bond 
Framework") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.citigroup.com/citi/fixedincome/data/affordable_housing_bond.pdf?ieNocache=648). Citi has 
developed the Affordable Housing Bond Framework for note issuances in order to finance the construction, 
rehabilitation and/or preservation of quality affordable housing for low- and moderate-income populations 
in the United States. The Affordable Housing Bond Framework has received a "second party opinion" by 
an independent consultant. 
Eligible Affordable Housing Assets 
Citi’s "Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria" reflect good practices for financing 
or refinancing the affordable housing needs of individuals and families living in low- and moderate-
incomes. "Low-income" is a family income that is less than 50% of the area’s median family income. 
"Moderate-income" is a family income that is at least 50% and less than 80% of the area’s median family 
income. 
The Affordable Housing Assets may include but are not limited to affordable residences or housing units 
tailored to the needs of protected or vulnerable populations such as the following:  
1. 
those experiencing homelessness: the term "homeless" refers to an individual who lacks housing 
(without regard to whether the individual is a member of a family), including an individual whose 
primary residence during the night is a supervised public or private facility that provides temporary 
living accommodations and an individual who is a resident in transitional housing; 
2. 
senior citizens: a single person who is older than 55 years of age or families of two or more persons 
where the head of which (or his or her spouse) is older than 55 years of age;  
3. 
veterans: a person who served in the active military, naval, or air service and who was discharged  
or released under conditions other than dishonourable; and 
4. 
persons with disabilities: a person who has a physical or mental impairment that substantially limits 
one or more major life activities, a person who has a history or record of such an impairment, or a 
person who is perceived by others as having such an impairment. 
Citi has developed a list of exclusionary criteria for the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes. Citi 
does not intend to be involved in financing any of the following projects or activities through the proceeds 
of this offering: 
1. 
loans or investments for projects outside of the United States and its territories;  
2. 
loans or investments that do not have a primary purpose of providing affordable housing for low- 
and moderate-income individuals or families; 
3. 
mortgage-backed securities and other derivatives; 
4. 
investments where the financial strength and potential for economic loss to Citi on the investment 
has been assessed and classified as "Substandard," "Doubtful," or "Loss";  
5. 
any activities which are incompatible with the social mission of Citi Community Capital (a 
specialized unit within Citi that provides financial products for affordable housing) or which are 
directly or indirectly generating significant adverse social impacts; or

--- Page 114 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 112 - 
70-41031445 
 
6. 
loans or investments that have matured. 
Asset Selection and Evaluation Process 
Citi’s specialist teams, including Citi Community Capital, are responsible for screening potential eligible 
assets against the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. Once screened, Eligible 
Affordable Housing Assets will be added to Citi’s portfolio of affordable housing assets (the "Affordable 
Housing Bond Asset Portfolio"). 
Citi will identify a unique Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio for the "Affordable Housing Bond(s)" 
issued during a given reporting period. Citi’s selection process for the Eligible Affordable Housing Assets 
takes into account whether the potential eligible asset meets the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio 
Eligibility Criteria for inclusion in an Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio. Additionally, each of Citi’s 
lending and investing projects in affordable housing developments is reviewed through Citi’s approval 
processes including credit risk management approval and internal audit and compliance processes. If Citi’s 
investment in any asset in an Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is terminated or if an asset no longer 
meets the eligibility criteria, the asset will be removed from an Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio 
in the same calendar year in which the asset became ineligible. 
Management of Proceeds 
Citi’s Affordable Housing Bond Working Group is responsible for oversight of the Affordable Housing 
Bond Asset Portfolio(s), and its responsibilities include monitoring the total aggregate amount of 
Affordable Housing Bonds issued and tracking the portfolio using an internal asset management system. 
The group aims to ensure that the aggregate amount in each Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is 
equal to or greater than the aggregate amount raised by Affordable Housing Bonds during the associated 
reporting period by reviewing the aggregate size and maturity of the Affordable Housing Bond Asset 
Portfolio(s) each quarter. 
If for any reason the aggregate amount in an Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio is less than the total 
outstanding amount of Affordable Housing Bonds issued, Citi will assign the unallocated balance to cash, 
cash equivalents and/or other liquid marketable instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) until the 
amount can be allocated towards the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio. 
Reporting 
Citi will publish an Affordable Housing Bond report on its website within a year from issuance of the Notes 
and provide updated information should a material change occur in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset 
Portfolio. 
External Review 
Citi will engage external independent accountants to review that the assets included in the Affordable 
Housing Bond Asset Portfolio(s) meet the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria and 
are not invested in assets as defined by the exclusionary criteria. Further, the independent accountants have 
been engaged to review that the aggregate amount in the Affordable Housing Bond Asset Portfolio(s) is 
equal to or greater than the aggregate amount raised by Affordable Housing Bonds, and to the extent the 
total amount of the outstanding bonds is greater than the aggregate amount in the Affordable Housing Bond 
Asset Portfolio(s), the difference will be held in cash, cash equivalents and/or other liquid marketable 
instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) in Citi’s liquidity portfolio.  
Social Finance Bonds 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, an amount equal to the net proceeds of the sale of the Notes shall 
be allocated to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Social Finance Assets, which refers to a portion of 
Citi's portfolio of assets that meet Citi's Social Finance Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria (as defined 
below) and do not meet any of the Social Finance Exclusionary Criteria (as defined below) in accordance 
with Citi’s Social Finance Social Finance Bond Framework (the "Social Finance Bond Framework") 
(available 
at: 
https://www.citigroup.com/citi/fixedincome/data/Citi-Social-Finance-
Framework.pdf?ieNocache=346). Citi has developed the Social Finance Bond Framework for note 
issuances in order to support lending to social inclusive businesses across Citi’s emerging market footprint. 
The Social Finance Bond Framework has been developed in line with the International Capital Market

--- Page 115 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 113 - 
70-41031445 
 
Association (ICMA) Social Bond Principles 2021 and has received a "second party opinion" by an 
independent consultant. 
Social Finance Assets 
The Social Finance Assets must meet the Social Finance Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria by falling into 
one of the categories outlined below:  
1. 
Access to Essential Services: Financing expanding access to financial services to unbanked and 
underserved individuals and small and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs");  
2. 
Affordable Housing: Financing for companies and financial service providers enabling access to 
housing for underserved purchasers;  
3. 
Affordable Basic Infrastructure: Financing for companies that expand availability of water, 
sanitation, or clean energy; 
4. 
Access to Essential Services (Healthcare): Financing for companies that expand access to inclusive 
healthcare, ensure healthy lives and promote well-being; 
5. 
Access to Essential Services (Education): Financing for companies and organizations that deliver 
and promote inclusive lifelong learning opportunities for all; and  
6. 
Access to Essential Services (Smallholder Farmer Finance): Financing for social enterprises that 
deliver products and services to smallholder farmers. 
Citi has developed a list of exclusionary criteria for the use of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes (the 
"Social Finance Exclusionary Criteria"). Citi commits to not intentionally including any of the following 
projects or activities in the Social Finance Asset Portfolio: 
1. 
Loans or investments for projects in high income economies as designated by the World Bank;  
2. 
Loans or investments to institutions not meeting locally designated employment regulations;  
3. 
Loans or investments supporting fossil fuel energy generation for last mile clients; 
4. 
Investments where the financial strength and potential for economic loss to Citi on the investment 
has been assessed and classified as "Substandard", "Doubtful", or "Loss";  
5. 
Any activities which are incompatible with the social mission of the Social Finance Bond 
Framework / Citi’s social finance criteria or which are directly or indirectly generating significant 
adverse social impacts; 
6. 
Loans or investments that have matured; and 
7. 
Loans and investments in Prohibited Activities (as described below). 
Citi’s Social Finance Social Finance Bond Framework defines as "Prohibited Activities" as the following: 
1. 
Conversion or degradation of critical forest areas or forest-related critical natural habitats; 
2. 
Leasing or financing of logging equipment, unless an environmental and social impact assessment 
indicates that; (i) all timber harvesting operations involved will be conducted in an environmentally 
sound manner which minimizes forest destruction; and (ii) the timber harvesting operations will 
produce positive economic benefits and sustainable forest management systems;  
3. 
Construction of dams that significantly and irreversibly: (a) disrupt natural ecosystems upstream 
or downstream of the dam; or (b) alter natural hydrology; or (c) inundate large land areas; or (d) 
impact biodiversity; or (e) displace large numbers of inhabitants (5,000 persons or more); or (f) 
impact local inhabitants’ ability to earn a livelihood; 
4. 
Production or trade in any product or activity deemed illegal under host country laws or regulations 
or international conventions and agreements or subject to international phase-outs or bans such as

--- Page 116 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 114 - 
70-41031445 
 
pharmaceuticals, pesticides/herbicides, ozone depleting substances, polychlorinated biphenyls and 
other hazardous substances, wildlife or wildlife products regulated under the Convention on 
International Trade and Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora and trans-boundary trade in 
waste or waste products;  
5. 
Resettlement of 5,000 or more persons; 
6. 
Any impact on natural World Heritage Sites unless it can be demonstrated through an  
environmental assessment that the project (i) will not result in the degradation of the protected area 
and (ii) will produce positive environmental and social benefits; 
7. 
Any impact on areas on the United Nations List of National Parks and Protected Areas unless it  
can be demonstrated through an environmental assessment that the project (i) will not result in the  
degradation of the protected area and (ii) will produce positive environmental and social benefits; 
8. 
Extraction or infrastructure in or impacting protected area Categories I, II, III, and IV (Strict Nature 
Reserve/Wilderness Areas and National Parks, Natural Monuments and Habitat/ Species 
Management Areas), as defined by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN). 
Projects in IUCN Categories V (Protected Landscape/Seascape) and VI (Managed Resource 
Protected Area) must be consistent with IUCN management objectives unless it can be 
demonstrated through an environmental assessment (i) there is no degradation of the protected area 
and (ii) there are positive environmental and social benefits; 
9. 
Production of or trade in radioactive materials, including nuclear reactors and components hereof; 
10. 
Production of, trade in or use of un-bonded asbestos fibres;  
11. 
Marine and coastal fishing practices, such as large-scale pelagic drift net fishing and fine mesh net 
fishing, harmful to vulnerable and protected species in large numbers and damaging to biodiversity 
and habitats; 
12. 
Use of forced labour or harmful child labour; 
13. 
Projects or companies known to be in violation of local applicable law related to environment, 
health, safety, labour, and public disclosure; 
14. 
Projects or companies where the primary business activities are in the following prohibited sectors: 
gambling; media communications of an adult or political nature; military production or sales; 
alcoholic beverages (if contrary to local religious or cultural norms); or tobacco and related 
products; 
15. 
Companies found by a court or administrative body of competent jurisdiction engaging in unlawful 
monopolistic practices; and 
16. 
Projects or companies that provide significant, direct support to a government that engages in a 
consistent pattern of gross violations of internationally recognized human rights, as determined by 
the U.S. Department of State. 
Eligible Social Finance Asset Selection and Evaluation Process 
Citi’s specialist Social Finance team will review assets to check they meet the Social Finance Eligibility 
Criteria. Once screened, Eligible Social Finance Assets will be added to the Social Finance Asset Portfolio. 
Citi will identify a unique Social Finance Asset Portfolio for the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
issued during a given reporting period that are intended to be used for Social Finance Assets. Citi’s selection 
process for the Eligible Social Finance Assets takes into account whether the potential eligible asset satisfies 
the criteria for inclusion in the Social Finance Assets Portfolio. Additionally, Citi’s Social Finance Asset 
selection is also governed by local risk approval guidelines and credit monitoring standards. If Citi’s 
investment in any asset in a Social Finance Asset Portfolio is terminated or if an asset no longer meets the 
Social Finance Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria or satisfies any of the Social Finance Exclusionary 
Criteria, Citi will remove such asset from the Social Finance Asset Portfolio and may include additional 
eligible assets in the Social Finance Asset Portfolio.

--- Page 117 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 115 - 
70-41031445 
 
Management of Proceeds 
Citi’s Sustainable Bond Working Group is responsible for oversight of the Social Finance Asset Portfolio, 
and its responsibilities include monitoring the total aggregate amount of the Notes issued and tracking the 
portfolio using an internal asset management system. The Group aims to ensure that the aggregate amount 
in each Social Finance Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount raised by the Notes 
during the associated reporting period by reviewing the aggregate size and maturity of the Social Finance 
Asset Portfolio each quarter. If for any reason the aggregate amount in a Social Finance Asset Portfolio is 
less than the total outstanding amount of the Notes issued, Citi will assign the unallocated balance to cash, 
cash equivalents and/or other liquid marketable instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) until the 
amount can be allocated towards the Social Finance Asset Portfolio. 
Reporting 
Citi will publish a Sustainable Bond report on its website within one year from issuance of Citi’s inaugural 
Social Finance Bonds and will renew such report annually until full allocation of the proceeds and in case 
of any material changes. The report will cover allocation and impact reporting for all the Notes issued 
during the reporting period specified therein and will provide updated information should a material change 
in the Social Finance Asset Portfolio occur. 
External Review 
Citi will engage external independent accountants to review that the assets included in the Social Finance 
Asset Portfolio meet the Social Finance Asset Portfolio Eligibility Criteria and are not invested in assets 
defined in the Social Finance Exclusionary Criteria. Further, the independent accountants will be engaged 
to confirm that the aggregate amount in the Social Finance Bond Asset Portfolio is equal to or greater than 
the aggregate amount raised by the Notes and, to the extent the total amount of the outstanding the Notes 
is greater than the aggregate amount in the Social Finance Asset Portfolio, that the difference is held in 
cash, cash equivalents and/or other liquid marketable instruments (including U.S. Treasury securities) in 
Citi’s liquidity portfolio.

--- Page 118 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 116 - 
70-41031445 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Applications have been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. However, the Issuer may 
elect to de-list the Notes in certain circumstances. See "Risk Factors – The Issuer may elect to de-list the 
Notes if statutory requirements become impracticable or unduly burdensome." 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the official list and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange 
or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisations 
The update of the Programme and the issuance of Notes under the Programme in an aggregate amount not 
to exceed U.S.$110,000,000,000 outstanding at any time (or the equivalent in other currencies) was 
authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer adopted on 10 February 2022 and by a 
certificate of the funding approvers of the Issuer on 21 March 2020. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear whose address is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert 
II, B-1210 Brussels and Clearstream, Luxembourg whose address is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in 
relation to the Notes of each Series will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms 
shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with 
any further appropriate information. 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds to be received by the Issuer from the sale of the Notes will be used for general corporate 
purposes, principally to fund the business of its operating units, to fund investments in, or extensions of 
credit or capital contributions to, its subsidiaries, to finance possible acquisitions or business expansion and 
to refinance or extend the average maturity of existing debt obligations, which may include the reduction 
of short-term liabilities or the refunding of maturing indebtedness. In order to fund its business, the Issuer 
expects to incur additional indebtedness in the future. The Issuer or an affiliate may enter into a swap 
agreement with one of the Issuer's affiliates or a third party in connection with the sale of Notes and may 
earn additional income as a result of payments pursuant to that transaction.  
Notes may be issued as Green Bonds or Notes for which it is the Issuer's intention to apply the offering 
proceeds specifically to fund the financing or refinancing of Eligible Green Assets, in whole or in part, in 
each case where the use of such funds supports the Issuer's sustainable progress strategy. The relevant Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the Notes are intended to constitute Green Bonds and will provide 
additional information in relation to the intended use of proceeds in respect of any Green Bonds.  
Notes may also be issued as Affordable Housing Bonds or Notes for which it is the Issuer's intention to 
apply the offering proceeds specifically to fund the financing or refinancing of Affordable Housing Assets, 
in whole or in part, in each case where the use of such funds supports the Issuer's sustainable progress 
strategy. The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the Notes are intended to constitute 
Affordable Housing Bonds and will provide additional information in relation to the intended use of 
proceeds in respect of any Affordable Housing Bonds.  
Notes may also be issued as Social Finance Bonds or Notes for which it is the Issuer's intention to apply 
the offering proceeds specifically to fund the financing or refinancing of Social Finance Assets, in whole 
or in part, in each case where the use of such funds supports the Issuer's sustainable progress strategy. The 
relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the Notes are intended to constitute Social Finance Bonds 
and will provide additional information in relation to the intended use of proceeds in respect of any Social 
Finance Bonds. 
Maturities

--- Page 119 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 117 - 
70-41031445 
 
Notes may be issued with any maturity of twelve months or more subject, in relation to specific currencies, 
to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Under the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for Securities, which implements the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, prospectuses for the listing of money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 
12 months and complying also with the definition of securities are not subject to the approval provisions of 
such law and do not need to be approved by the CSSF. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus under the section headed Risk Factors and at pages 296-303 of 
the 2021 Report, incorporated by reference herein, there have not been in the last 12 months, nor are there, 
any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, actual or pending, relating to the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries to which the Issuer (or such Subsidiary) is a party or of which the Issuer has been notified 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on their financial position or profitability, 
or are material in the context of the Programme or the issue of Notes thereunder. 
No Significant Change and No Material Adverse Change 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus under the section headed Risk Factors, there has been no 
significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries when 
considered as a whole since 31 December 2021 and, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects and condition or general affairs of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries when considered as a whole 
since 31 December 2021, that is, in either case, material in the context of the Programme or the issue of 
Notes thereunder. 
Documents Available for Inspection or Obtainable 
1. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies of the 
following documents may be inspected (and, in the case of (d) and (e) below, may be obtained free 
of charge) during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying 
Agent in Luxembourg: 
(a) 
the up-to-date statutory documents of the Issuer (which are also available at: 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/831001/000110465919073986/ex-3d1.htm and 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/831001/000083100120000031/citi-
exh301x12312019.htm); 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive 
form) 
(which 
is 
also 
available 
at 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10e21ad26f02aa43318f78193cb8fb0f69); 
(c) 
the Base Prospectus and any supplements thereof; 
(d) 
any Final Terms relating to the Notes issued under the Programme except for those relating 
to Notes issued in circumstances which do not require publication of a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation (which are also available at: 
https://www.bourse.lu/programme/Programme-Citigroup/14251); and 
(e) 
the 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on a website does not form part of this Prospectus. 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the relevant ISDA Definitions. 
Auditors 
The financial statements of the Issuer have been audited for the three financial years preceding the date of 
this document by KPMG LLP, independent public auditors of the Issuer for that period, and unqualified 
opinions have been reported thereon. KPMG LLP is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants, and is regulated by the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.

--- Page 120 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 118 - 
70-41031445 
 
Financial Statements Available 
1. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies of the 
following documents (without exhibits) may be obtained during normal business hours at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent in Luxembourg, namely: 
(a) 
the most recent publicly available audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
beginning with such financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2021, 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019; and 
(b) 
any current reports of the Issuer issued after the date of the financial statements referred 
to in (a) above. 
The Issuer does not publish unconsolidated financial statements. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395. 
Minimum Denomination 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a minimum denomination of less than EUR 
1,000 (or nearly equivalent in another currency). Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable 
legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
Notes may be issued at any price. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will 
be determined by the Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing 
market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The price will normally correspond to a percentage of the nominal value of such Notes and shall be 
disclosed on the applicable Final Terms, which shall be available at the offices of the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest 
in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the 
issue date of the first Tranche of the Series, or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most 
recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
Yield 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes bearing interest at a fixed rate as set out in the applicable Final Terms 
will be calculated as of the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis by reference to the relevant 
issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Credit Ratings 
In accordance with Fitch's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.fitchratings.com/site/definitions, a long-term rating of "A" indicates expectations of low 
default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, 
nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher 
ratings. In accordance with S&P's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-/view/sourceId/504352, a long-term rating 
of "BBB" indicates that the obligation exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic 
conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitments on the obligation. In accordance with Moody's ratings definitions available as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus on https://www.moodys.com/ratings-process/Ratings- Definitions/002002, a long-
term rating of (i) "A" indicates obligations that are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low 
credit risk, and (ii) "Baa" indicates obligations that are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate 
credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics.

--- Page 121 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 119 - 
70-41031445 
 
Validity of the Base Prospectus and the Base Prospectus supplement 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the 
end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 122 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 120 - 
70-41031445 
 
NON-CONFIDENTIALITY 
No person asserts any claim of proprietary ownership or exclusive right with respect to any feature of the 
tax structure or the tax aspects of the transactions described herein, and Citigroup and its affiliates authorise 
each of the prospective investors (and each employee, representative, or other agent of any prospective 
investor) to disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax 
structure of the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions and other tax analyses) that 
are provided to the prospective investor relating to such tax treatment and tax structure.

--- Page 123 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 121 - 
70-41031445 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
£ 2 
€ 2 
€STR .............................................................. 13 
2016 Conditions ............................................. 24 
2017 Conditions ............................................. 24 
2018 Conditions ............................................. 24 
2019 Conditions ............................................. 24 
2019 Report .................................................... 22 
2020 Conditions ............................................. 24 
30/360 ....................................................... 31, 32 
30E/360 .................................................... 31, 33 
30E/360 (ISDA) ............................................. 33 
Accountholder ................................................ 91 
Accrual Yield ................................................. 29 
Actual/360 ................................................ 31, 32 
Actual/365 ...................................................... 31 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ................................... 31, 32 
Actual/Actual.................................................. 32 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).............................. 30, 31 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ............................... 31, 32 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ....................... 29 
Affordable Housing Bonds ........................... 109 
Agencies ......................................................... 96 
Agency Agreement ......................................... 28 
Alternative Redemption Amount.................... 29 
APMs ................................................................ 2 
Authorised Offeror ........................................... 4 
Authorised Offeror Contract ............................. 5 
Authorised Offeror Terms ................................ 4 
Bank Rate ....................................................... 58 
Base Prospectus ........................................... i, 76 
Belgian Consumer ........................................ 108 
Benchmark ......................................... 49, 53, 54 
Benchmark Replacement .......................... 49, 54 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment ...... 50, 54 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
 .............................................................. 50, 54 
Benchmark Replacement Date ................. 50, 55 
Benchmark Transition Event .................... 50, 55 
Business Centre(s) .......................................... 29 
business day .................................................... 40 
Business Day ............................................ 29, 78 
Business Day Convention............................... 30 
Calculation Agent ........................................... 30 
Calculation Amount ....................................... 30 
Calculation Period .......................................... 30 
Citi Support Agreement .................................. 97 
Citicorp ........................................................... 97 
Citigroup ............................................................ i 
Citigroup Trust ............................................... 37 
Clearing System Business Day ................. 65, 93 
Clearstream, Luxembourg .............................. 26 
COBS ............................................................. 75 
Code ............................................................. 102 
Commission .................................................... 22 
Commission's Proposal ................................. 104 
Compounded Daily SONIA ............................ 57 
Compounded Index ......................................... 59 
Compounded SOFR ........................................ 47 
Compounded SOFR Index ........................ 52, 53 
Compounded SOFR Index Notes .................... 51 
Compounded SOFR Notes .............................. 46 
Conditions ................................................. 28, 76 
Contributable Assets ....................................... 97 
CRA Regulation .................................. 17, 83, 84 
CRA Regulation (UK) .................................... 84 
CSSF .................................................................. i 
d 47, 57, 60 
D1 ................................................................... 33 
D2 ............................................................. 32, 33 
Day Count Fraction ......................................... 30 
dc 52 
Dealer Agreement ......................................... 105 
Dealers .......................................................... 105 
default ............................................................. 67 
distributor .................................................... 3, 75 
do .............................................................. 47, 57 
Dodd-Frank ..................................................... 17 
Dodd-Frank Act .............................................. 96 
dollars ............................................................... 2 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax).................... 34 
Early Termination Amount ............................. 34 
Earnings Release ............................................. 22 
ECB ................................................................. 26 
EEA ............................................................. 2, 75 
End .................................................................. 59 
EU Benchmark Regulation ............................... 6 
EU CRA Regulation ................................. 85, 86 
EU MiFID Directive .......................................... i 
EU MiFID II ................................................ i, 75 
EU MiFID Product Governance Rules ............. 3 
EU Prospectus Regulation .............. 76, 106, 108 
EUR .................................................................. 2 
EURIBOR ....................................................... 13 
Euro ................................................................... 2 
Eurobond Basis ......................................... 31, 33 
Euroclear ......................................................... 26 
Eurodollar Convention .................................... 30 
Eurosystem...................................................... 26 
EUWA .............................................................. 3 
event of default ......................................... 66, 67 
Exchange Act .................................................. 24 
Extraordinary Resolution ................................ 34 
FATCA ......................................................... 103 
FIEA ............................................................. 107 
Final Redemption Amount .............................. 34 
Final Terms ................................................. 4, 28 
first currency ................................................... 70 
First Interest Payment Date ............................. 34 
Fiscal Agent .................................................... 28 
Fixed Interest Amount .................................... 34 
Floating Rate Convention ............................... 30

--- Page 124 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 122 - 
70-41031445 
 
Following Business Day Convention ............. 30 
FRN Convention............................................. 30 
FSMA ............................................... 34, 76, 107 
FTT ............................................................... 104 
GBP .................................................................. 2 
Global Note .................................................... 26 
Green Bonds ................................................. 109 
Guarantee ....................................................... 72 
Holder ....................................................... 34, 39 
i 47, 57 
IFRS ............................................................... 19 
IHC ................................................................. 97 
Indebtedness ................................................... 34 
Index Days ...................................................... 60 
Individual Note Certificates ........................... 26 
Interest Amount .............................................. 34 
Interest Commencement Date ........................ 34 
Interest Determination Date ..........34, 47, 52, 57 
Interest Payment Date .............................. 34, 46 
Interest Period........................................... 34, 48 
Interest Period End Date ................................. 48 
Investor ............................................................. 4 
investor's currency .......................................... 18 
IRS ................................................................ 102 
ISDA Definitions ................................ 34, 51, 55 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment ...................... 51, 55 
ISDA Fallback Rate .................................. 51, 55 
ISDA Rate ...................................................... 45 
Issue Date ....................................................... 35 
Issuer ....................................................... i, 4, 28 
junior subordinated debt indentures ............... 37 
LBD ................................................................ 58 
London Banking Day ................................... 58 
Luxembourg Listing Agent ............................ 25 
M1 ............................................................ 32, 33 
M2 ............................................................ 32, 33 
Make-Whole Amount ..................................... 62 
Margin ............................................................ 35 
Maturity Date ................................................. 35 
Maximum Redemption Amount ..................... 35 
Minimum Redemption Amount ..................... 35 
Modified Business Day Convention ............... 30 
Modified Following Business Day Convention
 .................................................................... 30 
n 58 
Ñ 32 
New Safekeeping Structure ............................ 26 
ni 47 
No Adjustment ............................................... 30 
Non-exempt Offer ........................................ 106 
Non-U.S. Holder........................................... 102 
Non-United States Person............................... 35 
Note Certificate .............................................. 39 
Noteholder ................................................ 35, 39 
Notes........................................................ i, 4, 28 
NSS ................................................................ 26 
Numerator ....................................................... 60 
NY Federal Reserve ........................... 15, 51, 56 
NY Federal Reserve's Website ................. 51, 56 
Observation Period ................................... 48, 53 
offer of Notes to the public ........... 106, 107, 108 
Offer Period ................................................ 4, 81 
OLA ................................................................ 17 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) .............. 35 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) ............... 35 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) ................... 35 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) ..................... 35 
outstanding ...................................................... 39 
p 48, 58 
Par Call Period ................................................ 61 
Participating Member State ............................. 35 
participating Member States ......................... 104 
Paying Agents ................................................. 28 
Payment Business Day .............................. 35, 93 
Person ............................................................. 35 
Preceding Business Day Convention .............. 30 
Press Release ................................................... 22 
PRIIPs Regulation ....................................... 3, 75 
Principal Financial Centre ............................... 35 
Proceedings ..................................................... 73 
Programme ................................................... i, 28 
Prospectus Law 2019 ......................................... i 
Prospectus Regulation ........................................ i 
Public Offer ....................................................... 4 
Public Offer Jurisdiction ................................... 4 
Public Offer Jurisdictions................................ 81 
Put Option Notice ........................................... 35 
Put Option Receipt .......................................... 36 
Rate Cut-Off Date ........................................... 49 
Rate of Interest ................................................ 36 
Record Date .............................................. 65, 93 
Redemption Amount ....................................... 36 
Redemption Margin ........................................ 62 
Redenomination Date ...................................... 70 
Reference Banks ............................................. 36 
Reference Period ............................................. 58 
Reference Price ............................................... 36 
Reference Rate ................................................ 36 
Reference Security .......................................... 62 
Reference Time ......................................... 51, 56 
Registrar .......................................................... 28 
Regular Date ............................................. 43, 44 
Regular Interest Period Notes ......................... 43 
Regular Period ................................................ 43 
Reinvestment Rate .......................................... 62 
Relevant Date .................................................. 36 
Relevant Decimal Place .................................. 60 
Relevant Financial Centre ............................... 36 
Relevant Governmental Body ................... 51, 56 
Relevant Number ............................................ 60 
Relevant Screen Page ...................................... 36 
Relevant Time ................................................. 36 
Reserved Matter .............................................. 36 
resident of Japan ........................................... 108 
retail investor ................................................ 105 
Rules ................................................................. 4 
second currency .............................................. 70 
Securities Act ................................................. i, 1 
Senior Indebtedness ........................................ 36 
Senior Notes ................................................. i, 40

--- Page 125 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 123 - 
70-41031445 
 
Series .............................................................. 28 
Significant Subsidiary .................................... 37 
Similar Security .............................................. 62 
Social Finance Bonds ................................... 109 
SOFR .............................................14, 47, 52, 53 
SOFR Administrator ....................................... 52 
SOFR Administrator's Website ................ 48, 52 
SOFR Index .................................................... 52 
SOFR Index Determination Time................... 52 
SOFR IndexEnd ............................................. 52 
SOFR IndexStart ............................................ 52 
SOFRi ............................................................. 48 
SONIA ...................................................... 14, 58 
SONIA Compounded Index ........................... 59 
SONIA Reference Rate .................................. 58 
SONIAi-pLBD ............................................... 58 
Specified Currency ......................................... 38 
Specified Denomination(s) ............................. 38 
Specified Office .............................................. 38 
Specified Period ............................................. 38 
Start ................................................................ 60 
Sterling ............................................................. 2 
Subordinated Notes ..................................... i, 40 
Subsidiary ....................................................... 38 
Substitute ........................................................ 72 
Substitution Agreement .................................. 72 
sub-unit ..................................................... 44, 56 
TARGET Settlement Day............................... 38 
TARGET2 ...................................................... 38 
Terms and Conditions of the Public Offer ........ 6 
TLAC .............................................................. 96 
Tranche ........................................................... 28 
Transfer Agents ............................................... 28 
Transparency Directive ..................................... 3 
Transparency Law ........................................... 19 
Treaty .............................................................. 38 
U.S. Dollar LIBOR ......................................... 14 
U.S. dollars ....................................................... 2 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day47, 53 
U.S. Person ..................................................... 38 
U.S.$ ................................................................. 2 
U.S.-Controlled Person ................................. 102 
UBBs ............................................................... 26 
UK ............................................................... 3, 76 
UK CRA Regulation ............... 83, 84, 85, 86, 87 
UK CRA Regulation (UK) .............................. 85 
UK MiFIR ....................................................... 75 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ....... 3, 75 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ................................ 3, 76 
UK Prospectus Regulation ............................ 107 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement ....... 51, 56 
United States ................................................... 38 
United States Person ..................................... 102 
voting power ................................................... 38 
Voting Stock ................................................... 38 
Y1 ............................................................. 32, 33 
Y2 ............................................................. 32, 33 
Zero Coupon Note........................................... 39

--- Page 126 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 124 - 
70-41031445 
 
PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Citigroup Inc. 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York, NY 10013 
United States of America 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
FISCAL AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
England 
PAYING AGENTS 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg 
Citigroup Centre 
69, route d'Esch 
Canada Square 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Canary Wharf 
 
London E14 5LB 
 
England 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
To the Issuer 
Barbara Politi, Esq. 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Associate General Counsel-Capital Markets 
10 Upper Bank Street 
Citigroup Inc. 
London E14 5JJ 
388 Greenwich Street 
United Kingdom 
New York, NY 10013 
 
United States of America 
 
 
 
To the Arranger and Dealer 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
One Liberty Plaza 
New York, NY 10006 
United States of America 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG LLP 
345 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10154 
United States of America

--- Page 127 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 125 - 
70-41031445 
 
APPENDIX 1: ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (2021 Report) 
The 2021 Report and the Earnings Release contain several APMs. For further details on the components of 
the APMs, how these APMs are calculated, an explanation of why such APMs provide useful information 
for investors and a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US GAAP measures, please see references to 
"Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in the 2021 Report and the tables below: 
APM 
Explanation of why use of 
APM 
provides 
useful 
information 
2021 Report  or Earnings 
Release Page Reference for 
Basis 
of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation 
and Comparatives to Previous 
Reporting Periods 
2021 Report 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the impact of gains (losses) on 
hedges of accrual loans 
Citi's 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding the impact of gains 
(losses) on hedges of accrual 
loans are non-GAAP financial 
measures. 
Citi believes the 
presentation of its results of 
operations excluding the impact 
of gains (losses) on hedges of 
accrual loans provides a more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 16 to 18 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the impact of gains on sales and 
Foreign Exchange Translation 
Citi's 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding the impact of gains on 
sales and FX translation are non-
GAAP financial measures. Citi 
believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding 
the impact of gains on sales and 
FX translation provides a more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 8, 21, 24 to 25 and 27 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
ratio 
Citi's Basel III capital ratios and 
related components, on a fully 
implemented basis, are non-
GAAP financial measures. Citi 
believes these ratios and the 
related 
components 
provide 
useful information to investors 
and others by measuring Citi's 
progress 
against 
future 
regulatory capital standards.  
Pages 8, 11, 29 to 36, 39 to 43, 
46, 49, 101 to 103 and 228 
Supplementary Leverage Ratio 
Citi's Basel III capital ratios and 
related components, on a fully 
implemented basis, are non-
GAAP financial measures. Citi 
believes these ratios and the 
related 
components 
provide 
useful information to investors 
and others by measuring Citi's 
Page 8, 11, 30, 32 to 33, 39 to 43, 
and 228

--- Page 128 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 126 - 
70-41031445 
 
APM 
Explanation of why use of 
APM 
provides 
useful 
information 
2021 Report  or Earnings 
Release Page Reference for 
Basis 
of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation 
and Comparatives to Previous 
Reporting Periods 
progress 
against 
future 
regulatory capital standards.  
Tangible Common Equity and 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
Citi 
believes 
these 
capital 
metrics 
provide 
alternative 
measures of capital strength and 
performance and are commonly 
used by investors and industry 
analysts. 
Page 11, 44, 101, 103, 130 and 
168 
ICG Markets net interest income 
/ Net interest income excluding 
ICG Markets 
Citigroup's markets and non-
markets net interest revenues are 
non-GAAP financial measures. 
Citigroup reviews non-markets 
net interest revenue to assess the 
performance of its lending, 
investing and deposit-raising 
activities. 
Citigroup 
believes 
disclosure of this metric assists 
in 
providing 
a 
meaningful 
depiction of the underlying 
fundamentals of its non-markets 
businesses. 
Pages 10-11, 14, 16-17, 20, 22, 
24, 26, 28, 45, 101-102, 104 to 
109, 138, 162, 166, 254, 256 and 
306-308 
Return on Tangible Common 
Equity for 2017 excluding the 
one-time 
impact 
from 
Tax 
Reform 
Citi's return on tangible common 
equity for 2017, excluding the 
one-time 
impact 
from 
Tax 
Reform, 
is 
a 
non-GAAP 
financial measure. Citi believes 
the presentation provides a more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Page 11 
Results of Operations excluding 
the impact of the Australia loss 
on sale, Korea VERP and other 
Asia divestiture-related costs 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations and 
financial condition excluding the 
divestiture-related 
impacts 
provides a meaningful depiction 
of the underlying fundamentals 
of its broader results and Asia 
GCB businesses' results for 
investors, industry analysts and 
others. 
Page 7  
Earnings Release 
Citigroup’s return on average 
tangible 
common 
equity 
(RoTCE) 
Citi's return on average tangible 
common equity (RoTCE) is a 
non-GAAP financial measure.  
Citi believes the presentation of 
its return on average tangible 
common 
equity 
(RoTCE) 
provides a meaningful depiction 
Page 12 of Exhibit 99.1

--- Page 129 ---
10226869205-v16 
- 127 - 
70-41031445 
 
APM 
Explanation of why use of 
APM 
provides 
useful 
information 
2021 Report  or Earnings 
Release Page Reference for 
Basis 
of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation 
and Comparatives to Previous 
Reporting Periods 
of the underlying fundamentals 
of 
its 
broader 
results 
for 
investors, industry analysts and 
others. 
Citigroup’s results of operations 
excluding the impact of gains / 
(losses) on loan hedges 
Citi's 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding the impact of gains / 
(losses) on loan hedges are non-
GAAP financial measures.  Citi 
believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding 
the impact of gains / (losses) on 
loan 
hedges 
provides 
a 
meaningful depiction of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
broader results for investors, 
industry analysts and others. 
Page 12 of Exhibit 99.1 and Page 
6 of Exhibit 99.2